New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum December 2020
AITA for telling a guy behind me in the grocery store line to mind his fucking business?
AITA for telling my brother that his wife is right and I’m embarrassed to be related to him?
AITA for being mad my sister was “testing” my boyfriend?
AITA for telling my nieces that how they look IS important and something they should care about?
AITA for publicly calling my father a coward and embarrassing him for leaving me with my Jehovah's Witness mother while he escaped?
AITA for making kids yell "penis" and "vagina" so it no longer was funny?
AITA For being livid after my husband invited his whole family to celebrate christmas at our house?
AITA for telling my daughter that I won’t financially support her if she becomes a stripper?
AITA for not changing my cats name for my sisters baby
AITA for taking my daughters phone and tablet away?
AITA for telling a mom she was basically doing her job as a mother wrong?
AITA for letting my husband (34M) teach my daughter (8F) boxing
AITA for being angry at my fiancee's family and telling them to grow up and be better, because they won't support us getting married since her older sister is still single?
AITA for not giving my son the ps4 we bought him for Christmas?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I was sick of paying for her to visit her OBGYN when there’s nothing wrong with her?
AITA for talking about my sister(31F) because she said i(18F) was a failure?
AITA for not wanting to emigrate?
AITA for not wanting to forgive my brother and for making my mom sad at Christmas?
AITA for not helping my former “stepmom” and step-siblings after my dads death?
AITA for telling my mother to limit posting inappropriate stuffs on fb?
AITA for telling my mom she's wrong to be offended by someone fact-checking her?
WIBTAH for refusing to watch my nephew anymore?
AITA for making my sil "woke" and a "feminist"?
AITA for laughing when my friend told me he wanted to name his son Jackson with a G? (Gackson)
AITA for not accepting my dad’s girlfriend’s gift to me?
AITA for saying I've lost respect for my aunt's?
AITA for telling my brother to shut up after he shamed me for getting a surgery done on my jaw?
AITA for suggesting my wife do her work?
AITA for returning all the presents I got and buying my own because I’m tired of receiving what I feel are thoughtless gifts from everyone?
AITA for not wiping my nephews a**
AITA for not sharing the profit of my home sale with my MIL
AITA for skinning a deer in my backyard in view of young children?
AITA for confronting a worker who corrected me in front of my children?
AITA for calling the authorities on my dad after he tried to deny me (a disabled person) stuff because of my line of work?
AITA for insisting on taking away my teenage son’s phone even though he suggested another punishment?
AITA for screaming at my gf for wasting food?
AITA for not wanting to live with my brother?
UPDATE: AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA Declaration of Trust
AITA for “grey rocking” my narcissistic dad?
AITA for trying to get my mother in trouble at work?
AITA for getting mad my brother keeps turning off the WiFi
AITA for ‘not respecting’ my cousins religious views?
AITA for being annoyed at a child for crying during my wedding
AITA For yelling at my husband for giving his sister our son's clothes without telling me?
WIBTA if i complained to my boss about my female coworkers not being strong enough for the job?
AITA for not agreeing to cover for my partner on his birthday so he can take off work?
AITA For how I reacted when my husband left me (wheelchair-bond) at the mall?
AITA for calling my aunt and uncle rude and impolite after I found out they called my father to talk about my face?
AITA for describing my Perfect Christmas honestly?
AITA for not seeing what my ex fiancé found offensive in my mother way of treating her?
AITA for calling out my friend on what she meant to be a harmless joke?
AITA for reminding my roommate to pay me back?
AITA for not getting my daughter a birthday gift since she’s turning 18?
AITA for calling out my brother for his homophobia,when I know his secret?
AITA for refusing to give my brother money for surgery on his nose so he can breathe out of it again?
AITA for Saying No to my Fiance reconnecting with Ex?
WIBTA if I sold the Christmas gift my mum bought me to buy something else?
AITA for telling my sister I wasn’t interested in hearing her make something about her?
AITA for not throwing my SIL a baby shower?
AITA for no longer helping my boyfriends dad financially
AITA for excluding my brother's stepchildren from a family tradition?
AITA for not wanting to name my baby after my dead brother?
AITA when I comment on a Facebook post with only an eye roll emoji 🙄?
AITA for continuing old family Christmas traditions vs new ones?
AITA For refusing to participate in Christmas activities with my wife and kids?
AITA for laughing at my emotional mother and hanging up on her?
AITA for not wanting to plan my sister’s wedding although I’m a full time event planner just because of the money?
AITA for skinning a deer at college
WIBTA if I asked my neighbors to be mindful of their kids volume when it's waking up my newborn baby?
AITA for the way I reacted after I found out my mother-in-law was in on my Iraqi husband's plan to use me for a K-1 visa?
AITA for not discussing my exact plans with my landlord sooner?
AITA For arguing with my husband for his weird nightly prayers¿
AITA for exposing my ex on social media so people dont think im deluded
AITA for not allowing my MIL to see my kids?
AITA: For letting my dad kick my husband out of my brother's funeral?
[UPDATE] AITA for uninviting my daughter to our Christmas gathering?
AITA for snitching on some kids?
AITA For refusing to let my brother see my daughter after he told my husband I wouldn't be able to have kids?
AITA for siding with my in-laws and refusing to go to China after my wife found out that she was adopted from there?
Update: AITA for not being “sufficiently angry” after a colleague took credit for my work.
AITA for not including my parents in my two recent life events
AITA for taking a nap on my only day off?
AITA for wanting to live at my dad’s full time and hurting my mom?
AITA for leaving my sisters home alone
AITA for being stubborn and pressuring my mother for a straight answer?
AITA for telling my mom she revels in causing arguments/debates and it makes many not want to be around her?
AITA for taking a job at my brother’s company?
AITA For kicking my sister out of the house after she told me to choose a side between her and my husband?
AITA for demanding my SIL pay me back for a Christmas gift that she destroyed, that was for my kids and shouldnt have been fucking touched?
AITA For giving my mom an ultimatum?
AITA for accidentally getting my co-manager fired???
AITA for being mad at my mum because she didn't buy me a book for school?
AITA for ungrounding my daughter after my wife grounded her?
AITAH for admitting I hate my Christmas gifts??
WIBTA If I stopped buying my husband Christmas presents?
AITA for pointing out that my friend was sounding like a bit of a creep?
WIBTA if I don't get a present for my two brothers, but get one for my sister?
AITA for buying my fiancee an electric guitar?
AITA for not going out shopping with my wife anymore?
AITA for leaving SO behind while running?
AITA if I stop calling stepmother Mum and upsetting her & my Dad?
AITA for not sharing my birthday cake with my Family?
AITA for telling my boss's partner I don't want the plug in my office on my desk
AITA for saying excuse me while not waiting for her to move?
AITA for telling my sister how I truly feel?
WIBTA for accepting help from my soon to be ex-in-laws in my divorce and benefiting from their racism?
AITA for closing the door on an overly talkative charity fundraising guy?
AITA For getting mad at my date for using tinder on our date?
AITA for stopping GF from ordering off the extra menu in the Sushi restaurant?
AITA for not holding a stranger’s baby?
AITA for being tired of asked for rides?
AITA for asking my brothers boyfriend to deal with my problems instead of dealing with them myself?
WIBTA by saying that I won't babysit unless my brother helps me?
AITA for saying I feel uncomfortable when my straight girlfriend is naked with her bisexual friends
AITA for not wanting my husband to support his older siblings financially?
AITA For Calling my Cat Everything but His Name?
WIBTA if I didn't let my sister go to a party?
AITA for not renting a movie?
AITA for yelling at my mom and brother's ex-girlfriend
AITA For pulling forward in a parking space and not moving
AITA because I wore a traditional garment to meet my girlfriend’s racist parents?
WIBTA FOR REPORTING MY PROFESSOR FOR UNPROFESSIONAL BEHAVIOR?
AITA for calling my ex-girlfriend a liar?
AITA for not giving my mother any more money?
AITA for ruining my mom's carpet?
WIBTA for telling my dying grandfather I'm pregnant
AITA for refusing to let my husband upgrade my phone?
AITA for calling the cops on my neighbor?
AITA for asking my brother to stop pacing in the house?
AITA for being annoyed about my stuff being hidden in a cupboard
AITA [24F] for biting the other side of my bf [24M] burger?
AITA for taking away all my son’s electronics?
AITA for being pissed at my mom's friend?
AITA? my mom named her dog a slur that affects me
AITA for quarantining in a different state than my kid?
AITA: For dying my hair black without telling my mum?
AITA for feeding my girlfriend Hooters?
AITA for pursuing back child support after telling him I would not?
AITA for not helping my mom?
WIBTA for reporting these kids to my school's administration?
AITA I found my sister in law coke and told my family
AITA for telling my boyfriend that I don’t want to move out of the area with him if his brother goes with us?
AITA for siding my daughter over my wife when my wife wanted to punish my daughter?
AITA for not paying for a stained Airbnb tablecloth?
AITA for not wanting to be friends with someone or trusting someone you accuse me of stealing
AITA for not tipping a waitress because she tried to gain sympathy for being a struggling single mother?
AITA in my relationship
AITA for not giving my sister a chance?
AITA for being annoyed that my bf wastes food?
WIBTA if I suggested selling our investment property and not allowing BIL to move in with his new wife?
AITA for using a dead name to show how annoying it is when they use mine?
AITA for arguing with my sister about how much I'm going to receive for 9 days of work?
AITA for cutting someone off for pretty much using me
AITA for telling my mother she can’t have my money?
UPDATE: AITA for wanting to dye my hair?
AITA for telling my friend I find it gross that she calls her boyfriend daddy?
AITA for not wanting to go to a concert with my girlfriend?
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for blowing up at my Friend for sending what looked like Porn?
AITA for Sending One Email Too Many?
AITA for not wanting to play any more chess? My boyfriend says I’m just too stupid for it.
Aita for arguing with a vet?
AITA for kicking my mom out after ruining our engagement announcement?
AITA for not discussing like an adult
AITA for asking my employee when he would be returning to work?
AITA: Changing my kids' chore schedule because of their behaviour?
AITA for letting my grandmother say the n word?
AITA for ignoring my brother's girlfriend?
AITA for not trusting my husband and checking in with him about money
WIBTA if I stopped giving my cat its medication?
AITA for using same email PW for 15 years but with wife's name instead of ex's?
AITA for not lending my guitar
AITA for refusing to make my son be friends with his new cousin?
AITA for not including my dead niece in my pregnancy announcement?
AITA for refusing baby advice from my ex in laws?
AITA for convincing my girlfriend NOT to wear a white dress on our wedding day?
AITA for not helping my coworkers?
AITA for getting upset at my girlfriend not letting me into their business that was my idea?
AITA for not wanting my son to ruin himself for his wedding?
AITA for not forgiving my father
AITA for getting upset at gf[26] for adopting a ringworm infested cat?
AITA For not getting a haircut?
WIBTA if I took my xbox controller back from my brother
AITA for telling sister-in-law that I want to distance myself from her and she from me
AITA for asking a hospital’s financial situation before accepting a job?
AITA for telling my (25F) brother (22M) that he is getting socks for Christmas
AITA If I demand my name is put on my car title
AITA for breaking up my daughter's relationship?
AITA for honking at McD's drive-through?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
AITA for being angry at my friends for protecting someone who hurt me?
AITA for banning video games in my house?
AITA? I asked My SO not to do drugs around me, or talk about it me.
WITBTA for telling future MIL to mind her own buisness when it comes to mine and partners finances?
AITA for telling my(24F) telling my boyfriend(25M) about my past as a sex worker?
AITA For Not Begging For An Order?
AITA for yelling at my aunt to shut up at my mom's funeral?
AITA for reporting a co-worker to our manager for taking personal phone calls?
AITA for refusing to save my money?
WIBTA If I ask my team members not to send me voice messages through Whatsapp?
AMITA for asking my mother to leave the home I share with my sister?
AITA for asking MIL to not call my daughter "ugly baby"?
AITA for blocking my friend after he sent me a dick pic?
AITA For Not Telling GF About Embarrassing Experience
AITA for not wanting my sister use my laptop?
AITA for not apologizing to my stepmom?
AITA for telling my uncle I wanted nothing to do with his multilevel marketing company?
AITA for refusing to be the one responsible for my brother’s dog?
AITA for telling someone he shouldn’t drive another guys car 2000km for him?
AITA for using appliances in my apartment at 8pm?
AITA if I ask my teacher to make the due date the same day he puts grades in.
AITA for refusing to buy a bag for my partner?
AITA for calling my dad immature and saying he doesn't know what he's talking about after he raged at me over a tech issue
AITA for cancelling plans over my husband losing his shit on our kids?
AITA for not really caring my sister ran away and was kicked out?
AITA for expecting my boyfriend to cancel his plans because he made a commitment to me first?
WIBTA if i confronted my parents about Them favouring my sister
AITA for refusing to answer the door even though my partner knew someone was coming?
Aita for not wanting to lose 20 cause my friend got bad pulls?
WIBTA - if I went to the cops about this or would it be a waste of time?
AITA for putting on my headphones and ignoring my stepdad after he pulled an annoying move
AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to live with another girl?
AITA Best Friend (20f) throws me under the bus and lets her boyfriend call me a lesbian
AITA for not attending my high school gym classes?
AITA for farting while in a tent with a friend?
Aita for wanting to wrap and put presents under the tree now?
AITA for drinking my friend's whisky bottle??
AITA for not wanting to help my classmates
AITA if i revealed the fraud happening at the hotel im leaving?
WIBTA if I tell MIL I dont like her presents?
AITA for occasionally including my girlfriends 6 year old daughter in social media pictures thar are promoting my small business?
AITA for not bringing my baby to a family wedding?
AITA for sleeping with a girl that my good friend was interested in and slept with
AITA for not wanting to buy my mother in law a gift? (complicated background)
WIBTA if I asked my brother and his wife to stop sending Christmas gifts that my children have no interest in?
AITA for putting aside some of the money I earn instead of the family account?
AITA or being a quote on quote "Snitch"
AITA for getting myself something after my girlfriend wouldn’t?
AITA for telling my sister she is disgusting in her own home
AITA for not doing the cooking
AITA here about my dad?
AITA for buying all of my son's gifts?
AITA for refusing to wear my cousin’s memorial shirt?
WIBTA for keeping our cat?
AITA for not paying for my BF's mom's room and kicking her out?
WIBTA if I don't warn my job before I leave a pivotal position?
AITA for taking my sister's clothes out of the washer?
AITA for telling my friend to leave me alone?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
AITA for taking money from my parents?
AITA for being offended by my husband's compliment?
AITA for moving out?
WIBTA for thrifting gifts this year?
AITA for calling out this kid in my class for invading other people's privacy in a condescending and insulting way?
AITA for asking about my mom's swollen arm and learning about her battle with cancer?
AITA for being upset with my husband over a boat ride?
AITA for blocking contact after 'cheating' literally behind my back (my first post :D)
AITA for not wanting to make tamales at my grandma’s cousin’s house instead of mine?
AITA For Asking My Friend Not To Let Her Boyfriend Listen to Our Zooms
AITA for getting mad at my mom for not giving me her most used address?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for fighting with my parents?
AITA for ignoring a coworker online?
AITA For moving out?
WIBTA if I get between my roommates?
WIBTA if I didn't a get a gift for a certain coworker but get everyone else in the building one?
WIBTA For telling my manager and a co-worker that part of the reason I quit is because of the co-worker's laziness and the manager's allowing it?
AITA for calling my dad a narcissist?
AITA for calling my friend the asshole on the post he made about me?
AITA For blowing up on my wife after she promised my stepson a ps5 and asked me to use my daughter's emergency fund?
AITA? Brother wants me to give up my room?
AITA for calling my friends fascists?
AITA for expecting my sister to pay for the damage she caused to my vehicle like she agreed to when it happened?
AITA for forcing my nephew and niece to get haircuts?
AITA for telling my mother that she’s being childish and then refusing to listen to her problems?
AITA for making a wide turn into my own house
AITA - for asking someone not to help me?
AITA for telling my sister she’s a cheap bitch?
AITA: Severe Insecurities/Trust Issues/Anxiety
AITA for not wanting exes GF to look after my child?
AITA for cutting my hair without my mom’s permission?
AITA for not stopping my gf from moving out?
AITA? Gave away an unwanted dog back to breeder
AITA for pressuring my boyfriend to videocall?
AITA for distancing myself from my mom?
AITA for not letting our sister-in-law’s friends stay over Christmas?
AITA for not staying with my sister while my parents go on vacation?
AITA for cutting my fingernails during a meeting?
AITA for going to my Ex’s mum when I found out he’s telling people we’re still together?
AITA for telling my friend group about my blackface Christmas tradition?
AITA for telling a friend that my gf was in the shower?
AITA For expecting a promise to be kept
AITA for not telling my husband he doesn't get an opinion in my medical decisions?
AITA for telling my neighbor's boyfriend I will call the police if he comes near my apartment again?
WIBTA if I (18f) unplug my brother’s (13m) PS4 controller so he can’t play?
AITA for saying my aunt had nothing to do with my late father?
AITA for backing out on helping my gram after she backed out on helping me?
aita for refusing to walk the dog?
AITA for being annoyed at my twin sister teasing me?
AITA for wanting to stop exchanging gifts with my best friend because she gives me some truly gross things?
AITA For not visiting my ill friend.
WIBTA if i didn’t spend christmas eve with my ex?
AITA for slightly giving sas to my mom for yelling at me about what I was wearing
AITA for copying my friend’s style and then yelling at her when she called me out for it?
AITA for getting mad at my boyfriend when he tried to lecture me about school?
AITA? For getting someone kicked off the bus.
AITA for not thinking my partner should complain about turning the washer back on?
AITA for getting my mom Lululemon Leggings for Christmas?
WIBTA if I stole my neighbor's cat?
AITA for not supporting my unemployed mother?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
AITA for saying that money from my stuff should go to me
WIBTA if I got motion sensor lights?
AITA for "gaslighting" my friend?
AITA for not wanting my brother to cut my hair?
AITA for not reacting properly to my boyfriend’s present
AITA for asking for help and then not being grateful?
AITA for telling my brother that there aren’t any mice?
AITA for telling my mom I wanted a break because of school and work?
AITA for saying I don't want my son around my boyfriend's mom because she won't use his real name?
WIBTA if I got my GF a present she promised to get me?
Aita for cutting complete contact with my dad?
AITA for calling my brother out for a remark he denies saying?
AITA for insisting my boyfriend pay for an expensive holiday
AITA Got mad at mom over possibly sick pet
AITA for not giving my mother "last month's" rent?
AITA for not giving up my sales show to a coworker?
AITA for getting upset with young kids at bowling alley?
WIBTA if i made a scalper bot
AITA For refusing to apologize to my brother after he said he was relieved it was my mom who died not his?
AITA for yelling at selfish friends.
AITA For not wanting to hang out with my friends because they keep calling me names and using excuses whenever I call them out?
AITA For not telling my co workers/bosses about another job I’m trying to get until i get it.
AITA for getting the better end of the deal with a friend?
AITA for buying a wheelchair without my parents permission?
AITA for avoiding my dad's questions?
AITA for being upset with my husband for failing to do the one thing I asked him for my birthday?
AITA for pulling off a shit prank?
AITA for slamming shut my bfs laptop?
AITA for pissing off my father because I said that my just repaired Walkman still had problems?
AITA for asking my dad if he'd still be laughing in a nursing home
AITA For getting upset that my family doesn’t know my or my son’s last name?
Aita for wanting to kick my roommate out?
WIBTA if I stopped making/sharing food with my mom?
WIBTA if i imposed a reverse study curfew on my sister
AITA For ditching my friend on a nigh out
WIBTA if i got mad at my class mates?
AITA for "dramatically" running away from an intervention my MIL threw for me?
WIBTA- I need to workout in my apartment, but I disturb my neighbors
AITA for calling my friend a leech?
AITA for telling a crazy lady off in a text?
AITA for not caring that my daughter is trans?
AITA if I want some answers?
AITA for stealing beer by not speaking up?
AITA for getting angry with my spouses careless behavior?
WIBTA if I paid the lower of two advertised prices?
AITA for asking my mother if she needs help tidying up?
AITA for not buying food?
AITA for wanting to ignore my lonely grandma?
WIBTA if I kept pushing for an apology from my girlfriend?
AITA for going to upper management to complain about a co worker?
AITA for telling my friend she needs professional help?
WIBTA for locking my door?
AITA for wanting to leave a somewhat negative Airbnb review?
AITA For saying no to my mom ?
AITA for telling this guy that what we were doing was a waste of time?
AITA for not wanting to split the cost of my parents' Christmas gifts?
AITA for refusing to celebrate x-mas eve at my ex-inlaws house
AITA for defending my dog from my sister
AITA For not making plans with my FWB and not telling her why?
AITA for making my MiL return the dog she brought for us?
AITA for taking away my son’s phone for being elitist?
AITA friends wrote a google doc about me behind my back
AITA for kicking my grandmother out of my moms house after she tried forcefully convincing my BF to discipline my son?
WIBTA if i choose my step dad over my mom?
AITA for keeping money that my SIL took from her husband and gave to us for a plane ticket to leave him.
AITA (actually my son and nephews and nieces) for not inlusding one my brother's stepson in their cousin's dinners?
WIBTA for crashing at my friend's place and not telling him?
AITA for laughing at my house mates sex-story?
AITA for not allowing a guy to use my bathroom.
AITA for saying how I'd choose my adoptive family over my biological one any day?
AITA for giving my family the silent treatment over their slut bet?
WIBTA if I only send a small amount of money to my niece for Christmas?
WIBTA if I told my friend that I want to do our secret santa on a different day to my birthday?
AITA For expecting my mother to pay for a painting I did?
WIBTA if I sell a gift from my IL?
AITA for taking back my mom's baby shower gift after she complained about me not getting her a birthday present too?
AITA for telling my girlfriend not to get plastic surgery?
AITA Dog marriage advice
AITA for not sharing 100k with my brother?
AITA for getting upset with my siblings for not doing a shared present?
AITA for not letting my dad moe into my property?
WIBTA if i say i dont want to receive anything from my immediate family for Christmas but am okay with giving them things/having them gift me things so long as its not on the specific day
AITA for telling my SO to give me a heads up if his mom moves in so that I can move out?
AITA sister fight, who’s at fault?
AITA for not sharing my food because my stepsister left hers on couch where my dog found and ate it? And for not paying for her food in the first place?
AITA for wanting to have nothing to do with my sibling.
WIBTA if I took away my shirt for PE
AITA for refusing to help around the house?
AITA for asking my mom how much money she has when we're planning to move?
AITA for not liking my boyfriends brother?
AITA for demanding my mother leave with the wedding dress she bought me without my consent?
AITA because I told my friend that I wanted her opinion alone?
AITA for not helping my parents in their "project"
AITA I sent a dude a pretty mean message after a call
AITA For Telling my mom I love my family but hate them too.
AITA for not apologising to my mother because of kitty litter.
WIBTA if I refuse to talk to my dad until he agrees that my long-distance boyfriend is real?
AITA because I told my BF he can’t ever borrow my car?
AITA for blocking my best friends girlfriend?
AITA for not inviting my boyfriend to a Christmas ice skating event?
AITA For asking that my SO use headphones whenever they are on social media?
AITA for telling my roommate to stop watching tv when I’m in class?
AITA for "making my bf feel gross"
AITA for telling my mother to skip out on my cousin's wedding and refusing to tell my sister to listen to my mother
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for joking about my friends’ sexuality?
AITA for wanting to workout?
AITA? Son (20M) wants to bring his poly partners (25F 26M) and their newborn to Christmas
AITA for moving housemate's laundry?
AITA for removing my bf from my Spotify Account
AITA for telling my step-dad it's unfortunate they're having another kid?
AITA for not replacing shoes my puppy chewed up?
AITA for telling my brother he has poor parenting skills
AITA for airing dirty laundry about my sibling?
AITA for asking a bisexual (?) friend questions about that?
AITA for removing my 13y/o daughter's bedroom door?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for agreeing to watch my sister’s kids but refusing to abide by her house rules?
AITA for teaching my(27M) brother’s(33M) son(8) how to ride a bike?
AITA for being irritated with my boyfriend?
AITA for straightening my boyfriends daughters hair?
AITA for moving to a new city even though hubby didn't want to?
AITA for telling my grandson that he needs to stop blaming older people for the reason why he is struggling to find work?
AITA for being more upset over leaving my cat home then happy about giving birth (not purposely)
AITAH for disagreeing w/BF's House Rules?
AITA I refuse to see or help husband’s 102 yr. old grandma because she accuses me of stealing?
AITA for sharing a meme to my friends that said the r-word but I didn’t know had the word in it?
AITA for leaving my roommates and moving in with my boyfriend?
AITA for not wanting to help my friend with a school assignment?
AITA because I commented on a friends instagram post as a female?
AITA FOR NOT WANTING TO APOLOGIZE, TALK OR FORGIVE DAD
AITA for calling out my boyfriend’s family for excusing their younger sister’s disrespect?
AITA- For arguing with my husband after he said I should buy expensive gifts since I'm a doctor?
AITA that I dont want my sister to be my maid of honor?
AITA for not answering the phone for one of my friends consistently because I know the phone call is going to be 40+ minutes?
AITA for not wanting to buy/share a home with my parents
AITA For wanting to donate to a struggling family for Christmas, instead of 100% to a shelter?
AITA for telling my friends brother that my friend goes to counselling?
AITA for copying my roommate?
AITA for rescinding a tip?
WIBTA if I reported a psychiatrist for recommendations of a gluten free diet and MLM supplements?
AITA for ruining a gathering by insisting my friend apologise to my girlfriend?
AITA: Friend does some advertising work for me that doesn't bring business and says I shouldn't pay him for the work. So i don't.
AITA for not calling the soon to be dad bf of a befriended couple out for being an asshole
AITA for fencing off our driveway?
AITA for pushing and forcing my sister to work?
UPDATE AITA for selling my daughter's iPad?
AITA For wanting to leave while my roommates friend is homeless?
AITA for getting mad at my bf after he hit my car with his water bottle?
WIBTA If I told my mom that I don't do drugs like she did?
AITA For Moving Out Because of My Flatmate's Controlling Language
AITA for telling an "outsider" about something and setting off a chain of reaction which is still ongoing
AITA for calling him a dick head
AITA for not paying my friend back more than he gave me?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
AITA for not liking the new puppy?
AITA for not wanting to go to the pharmacy for my boyfriend?
AITA for expecting my husband to throw a proper anniversary celebration when he is working?
AITA for getting my brother a good Christmas present but not my stepsiblings?
AITA for wanting to ream my SIL a new one for Not including my wife and kids?
AITA for not wanting to help my mother raisie my niece?
AITA for ruining someone’s hopes of dating their crush
AITA for Wanting to have feelings in my family. After being told that adopted kids are broken
WIBTA for asking my brother/family to help pay our heating bill for the month they’re visiting?
AITA for leaving for college and not calling my dad and changing Netflix profiles around?
AITA for telling my parents about my sister's lie?
AITA for posting passive-aggressive memes directed at my sister?
AITA for not wanting my mother in law to move on with us?
AITA for not talking my mom out of having my dad pay child support
AITA for not wanting to help MIL?
AITA for refusing to drive the vehicle my husband traded my car in for after he claimed he thought I was pregnant?
WIBTA for sending my step-niece/nephew's mom cookies for Christmas?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for opening my boyfriend’s Christmas present for me?
AITA for not letting my sister in law stay with us again?
AITA for writing a report breaking down a "joke" about global warming
AITA for not wanting to give my deceased grandfather’s cameras to my cousin
AITA for not giving a high school ex closure?
AITA for refusing to go to Christmas dinner with my ex and her new fiancée?
AITA for refusing to get my nephew a birthday present?
AITA for not publicly supporting my friend?
AITA for not wanting to pay an exact replacement for something I broke again?
AITA for not willing to reconnect with a friend who treated me like crap before?
AITA for mumbling under my breath in a different language when I was pissed off at sisters boyfriend?
AITA for cutting off my cousin?
AITA for asking my brother not to be so “fucking sarcastic”?
AITA for feeling offended my childhood friend asked for €3?
WIBTA if I fake being interested in becoming a doctor until I move out?
AITA for hating my ex-mentor and avoiding him, even though he tries to say something?
AITA for not helping my sister paint our room
AITA for being upset at my dad?
AITA for flipping my parents off and calling them homophobic?
AITA for telling a colleague to ease up on baby talk?
AITA for not changing my room?
AITA for referring to my fiancee's brother by "Johnny Appleseed"?
AITA for wanting my ex to be nicer to me?
WIBTA If i told my roommate they eat too much?
AITA for applying to my boyfriend’s job among other things?
AITA: Not giving a courtesy text?
AITA for not wanting my mom as a clean lady
WIBTA if I asked my parents to return the entertainment stand they got me and get me a dresser?
AITA for wanting some privacy and locking the door while I’m in the bathroom?
AITA for ruining my friend's prank?
AITA because i won’t allow my (24m) parents to see my sister (17f)
AITA for telling my friends they can't come over to my house?
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
Aita for how I handled a holiday argument
AITA for being mad at my brother and arguing with him because he is a bad roommate?
Aita or is my roommate wrong
AITA (M19) for considering not getting my (F22) partner a gift this Christmas
AITA for not telling my friends everything before I cut them off?
AITA for asking for a product I purchased?
AITA For Not Giving My Partner More Money
AITA : asking to be payed for my time?
AITA because I said no to uncle moving in?.
AITA for blowing my neighbors leaves back into their yard?
AITAH for expecting IL to get foster daughter a Christmas gift
AITA for not buyring a pet where my sister "said to"?
AITA for giving my nephews Christmas themed cookies?
AITA for asking my daughter’s mom to stop inviting random men over when she has our daughter
AITA For not letting my sister's kids read my comic books?
AITA for shaving a girls hair without her mums consent?
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA 8yo boy walked in on me in the shower
AITA for not wanting to decorate for Christmas with my family?
AITA for wanting to crate train a puppy?
AITA for hiking off the trail
AITA for threatening a restraining order against my daughter’s mother?
AITA for being fed up with my parents?
AITA for Talking about my Relationship at Work?
AITA? Are Dishes a Bridge Too Far?
AITA for telling my daughter that the reason bagels fell out of the freezer is because we bought too much stuff for her?
AITA For Tipping Less Than My Husband Thought I Should?
AITA for getting sleeveless dresses banned at work?
AITA for switching the toaster setting
Aita for choosing my personal space over a friend's emergency?
AITA for asking my roommates boyfriend to help out with utilities?
WIBTA if I gave my birthday presents back as Christmas presents?
WIBTA if I told my friend I’m gay
AITA For telling my friend that he’s an asshole when he was pointing out a bad habit of mine rudely?
WIBTA if I didn't buy my friends kids Christmas gifts?
AITA for having sex at 9:30pm in my own apartment and telling my neighbor to get over the heavy breathing she heard through the wall?
AITA for making my brother feel unwelcome in my house.
AITA For “Breaking A Promise” With My Dad?
AITA For not showing up to my mothers surgery after I found out she used me?
WIBTA for getting my neighbor evicted?
AITA for not minding my own business at work?
AITA for wanting to end my visit to my parent's house early bc of mental health?
AITA for not feeling bad that my cat scratched my brat cousin?
AITA for calling out my mom on her racism
AITA for telling my friend not to 'brag' even though she seemed genuinely frustrated?
AITA for firing my son from family work?
Wibta for telling my mom we'd have to agree to disagreet?
AITA for telling a co-worker they may need to delete a photo
AITAH for calling my cousin ugly because she called me ugly first
AITA for being upset that my fiancée didn’t defend me against his brother?
AITA for asking my grandmother to keep my door shut?
AITA for refusing to share my food with other people?
AITA Coworker isn’t talking to me because I communicated with our boss
AITA for describing my pregnant wife
AITA for telling my daughter she can't come over for the holidays if she brings her partners?
AITA for not helping my befriendee?
AITA for getting mad because my mom left my 6yo with someone that I didn't know for a short period of time?
Aita for ignoring and not forgiving my mom's fiance?
AITA - I threw away my girlfriends pork pies
AITA for telling my mom that when I am 18 that might be the last time she ever sees me?
AITA for not letting my autistic sister come over my boyfriend's house, or hang out with us?
WIBTA if I stopped talking to my toxic close 'friend'??
AITA for no longer wanting to help with my parents with Tech Support
AITA for refusing to pay for a dog to go to the vet that isn’t mine?
AITA for not wanting to tell my sister Im pregnant.
AITA for being mad at my mom for cutting up my notebook?
WIBTA if I ignore my neighbour’s noise complaints?
AITA for NOT making my brother and sister-in-law pay for something that my nephew damaged?
AITA for sending a text at 1am?
AITA for not wanting to put out my Christmas decorations?
AITA for saying my dads legal status makes him work unfavorable jobs.
AITA for telling her that she had been betrayed?
AITA for telling my children's grandmother that if she doesnt stop phishing for info from my kids about our home life than she will be banned from seeing them?
AITA for not helping my sister with her project
AITA for having wedding be three weeks before fiance's cousin's wedding?
AITA Not igniting conversation between old friend at gym?
AITA For Telling BiL It Was DH Who Told Me To Message Him?
WIBTA if I confronted my roommate on her faking tourette's/ticks?
AITA for asking my dad to take in my mentally unstable sister so that I don’t have to live with her?
AITA for wanting to get rid of cats, that i originally said we couldn't get in the first place?
AITA - property damage from tree
AITA for making a "friend" failing one of his classes?
AITA for telling my friend to “go to hell”
AITA for being mad at my mum?
AITA for being upset with my fiancé because she is abandoning me for Christmas?
AITA For saying My Partner's Dad got An STI from Having Sex?
AITA For Handing My Friend Into the Police
WIBTA for threatening to tell someone's parents about there secret relationship after they threatened me socially?
WIBTA - if I didn’t buy siblings kids birthday presents?
AITA for asking my BF to put headphones?
AITA for telling someone to get off my porch after they accused me of being a thief?
AITA for wanting to use my hairdryer in my room
WIBTA if I asked my deceased fathers fiance if I could ask her a couple questions?
AITA for requesting an end to my sisters BS and my dads favoritism?
AITA for forcing my daughter to spend time with me?
AITA for telling my bfs mom to stop telling how my relationship with my dad should be?
AITA for giving my non-drinking friend a drink?
AITA for being mad at my step dad after refusing to take in my cat?
AITA for telling my sister she couldn’t stay at my house because I don’t want to deal with backlash from my parents?
AITA for stealing one of my moms mousse cakes?
AITA for getting upset at a friend?
WIBTA If I give my friend a nudge to finish editing her photos of me?
WIBTA if I didn't retake the SAT?
WIBTA For not getting my family any gifts for Christmas?
AITA For not letting my dad drive my brand new car around the corner to the store?
AITA for considering speaking against my roommate to management
AITA For throwing away a part of the coffee machine that only my wife ever uses?
AITA for implying my gay friend is into bestiality?
AITA for not wanting to go to church with my family?
AITA for siding with my daughter who wanted to watch Beverly Hills Chihuahua over my wife?
AITA for not forcing my kid to visit her dad?
AITA for medically tattooing my child under the recommendation of a doctor.
AITA for not liking the Christmas Present my mom got me?
AITA for not wanting to return neighbors dog when he tries to follow us home?
AITA for not wanting to take my partners last name?
AITA for wanting to shave my head? (Update)
AITA for reading my sibling's posts and getting mad about his lies?
AITA for having a physical preference for people of color when I'm white?
AITA for trying to stay friends with people who have had a falling out with each other?
AITA for deliberately parking in my neighbour and making her late for work?
AITA for "undermining" my wife's parenting?
Aita for not wanting to keep in touch with my mother anymore?
AITA for posting rants about my mother on my close friends IG story?
AITA for refusing to make the first move?
AITA if I stop my fiancé from partying due to his gambling relapse?
AITA for hiring a different photographer for my wedding?
AITA for being mad when I asked my friend not to ask my other friend out, and he did?
AITA for calling my sister out for being a side chick?
AITA for doing food prep in the morning
AITA: For asking my ex-wife for more of a notice than last minute?
AITA for warning a group about a possible scam?
AITA for being upset at my Mom outing me?
AITA for sucking at CS:GO?
AITA for refusing to not buy sweets to keep in the house, despite my husband being diabetic?
AITA for telling my best friend I don't like her husband and I don't care if he likes me?
AITA for deleting logs that prove I don’t owe my mom $200?
AITA for insisting people take precautions when visiting a cancer patient?
WIBTA if I held onto the money my brother left out and made him think he lost it?
AITA for refusing to be a godparent to someone's kid?
AITAH for not taking my moms dog in AGAIN?
AITA for not Paying my fathers wife for dying my hair?
AITA for waking up my boyfriend for a donut?
AITA for telling my friend to stop using her autistic brother to get attention?
AITA for not inviting my friend to my housewarming party?
AITA for asking my little brother to knock on our bedroom door before coming in
AITA for telling my grown daughter "I don't care" when she said she doesn't want to speak to me?
AITA for not answering my friend while i was asleep
AITA for Not Wanting My Sister to Hug Me?
AITA for being upset at my subleaser for trashing plants?
AITA? Pulling up the past to prove a point
AITA For not wanting to go to my cousins house
AITA for Leaving my (21f) brothers with my mom
AITA for not wanting to hang out with my cousin?
AITA For snitching on
AITA for refusing to justify my Christmas presents?
WIBTA if I posted by art on social media
WIBTA if I start spamming the comments of an Insta page that owes me money?
AITA for not coming to Christmas?
AITA for banning my boyfriend from using my car?
AITA for changing into a provocative outfit to purposefully offend my grandfather?
AITA for letting my little dog snuggle in my bed?
AITA for keeping to myself
AITA for not attending church with my mother because I’m tired?
AITA for having different beliefs from my in-laws?
WIBTA For removing the bathroom trash from a shared bathroom?
AITA for not having a wedding even though my mom wants to pay for it?
AITA for refusing to write my niece’s personal statement for her university application?
AITA for being slightly annoyed at my mum for constantly leaving in the middle of me explaining my side of an argument (which she asks to hear)
AITA for calling my step-dad a dumbass?
AITA for asking them to wait to announce their pregnancy by a day?
AITA for yelling at some obnoxious motorcyclists?
WIBTA if I send an unframed piece of artwork?
WIBTA If I called my mom out on her christmas present to my nephew?
AITA for being resistant to my husband buying another expensive car?
AITA Gift wrapping expectations
WIBTA for not being a neighbor?
AITA for taking down a "meme" that was potentially offensive?
WIBTA Foster Child Adoption
AITA For Stealing the Spotlight?
AITA for Giving my Parents the Silence Treatment for cutting down all the trees in our yard?
AITA - custody arrangement over the holidays
AITA for not being more mindful?
AITA for asking coworker to fuck off because she said that I was embarrassed about periods?
AITA for telling my wife she should learn Spanish if she feels so left out from conversations with our son?
AITA for taking and moving across the country with my ex-room-mates couch after he explicitly told me he did not want it and asked if he could leave it at my house? Because now his DAD wants it back and claims that I should have asked HIM who I barely knew.
AITA for saying to my mom that my autistic brother is treated better than me?
AITA for being mad at my dad who won't delete a pic of me?
AITA for leaving the group and using the project we worked on together?
AITA for being annoyed at coworkers for eating chocolates I bought to share with the team (including them)?
AITA for complaining about my in laws?
AITA for being mad at my bf for not doing the dishes while he was being sick?
AITA for assuming my husband didn't want to go Christmas tree shopping?
AITA for writing that I've been stood up?
AITA for refusing to video chat with my husbands family in India?
AITA for getting mad over a joke about how straight guys always like lesbians?
AITA For Saying, or Not Saying, the Right Thing?
AITA- Flipped out on my grandmother for being overbearing and getting too involved?
AITA For making my coworker work over the weekend?
AITA for “being rude” to someone in grocery store
AITA for changing a friends home
AITA for wanting to only give 1/4 of contributions to a wheelchair for a girl?
WIBTA if I asked my uncle to remove his balcony that is hovering over our land?
AITA for not cleaning up after my partners employee?
AITA for not letting my MIL move in with us?
AITA for posting "my mom it prettier than yours" on an instagram story
AITA for wanting my fiancee’s Autistic brother to pay his part of the living expenses?
AITA for cussing in front if my cousin and refusing to apologize
AITA for wanting some personalm
AITA for “not telling” my family I‘m sleeping at my friends house
AITA for trolling customers who keep asking me where I’m “really” from?
WIBTA if I paid off part of my sister’s student loans for Christmas
AITA for taking my stuff back when my roommates clearly need it
WIBTA if I started having cars towed off?
AITA For Telling My Ex That It’s His Responsibility To Keep Contact With Our Daughter?
WIBTA if I asked my dad to change the way he eats?
AITA for snapping at my MIL for constantly comparing by husband and his half brother?
WIBTA if I told my friends he cant date this person?
AITA for humiliating my fiancee's friend after she was a horrible guest? Poop involved.
AITA for exposing a family members lies on twitter
AITA for telling my girlfriend that just because she "feels" something doesnt mean I have to apologize?
AITA for not going on family trip to Lapland?
AITA For Vaping When My Friend Told Me to Stop?
WIBTA if I asked my friend to seriously consider her decision to get married.
AITA for keeping a secret from my sister.
AITA for refusing to pay any more money on my boyfriend's 'illness'?
AITA For revealing to my friend’s husband that she gossips about him to us
AITA For putting the toilet seat and lid down?
AITA for having a heritage before anyone else.
WIBTA for not going to a gift exchange?
WIBTA for not dog sitting for my mum in the future
WIBTA if I asked my soon to be ex roommate to go to their mom's for the weekend?
AITA for calling my MIL on her BS?
AITA for wrestling with my sister in front of my kid?
AITA for refusing to pay my MIL back?
WIBTA to get engaged around the same time as my twin brother, therefore possibly taking away his special moment?
AITA for getting mad at my sister for implying I have no responsibilities
AITA for charging my mother for the work I did?
AITA? Ex told friend something and our friendship is over
WIBTA for getting mad at my bf for repeating an issue he has over and over again?
AITA for liking my ex-friends ex girlfriend?
AITA for not wanting to get married (in the future)?
AITA for not wanting to give my boyfriends brother and his brothers gf my disney plus login details?
AITA Elves breaking duplo
WIBTA if I cancel an invitation for an event this coming Saturday?
AITA for doing something NSFW on my flatmates couch?
AITA A bio that I don't feel close with and am being guilted to talk to
AITA for telling my family friend I didn’t believe she could be a future lawyer.
WIBTA for demanding my best friend pay back money I lent them?
AITA for getting irritated with my friends?
AITA for asking my boyfriend not to shave?
AITA being quiet after my friends death
aita for being upset that my parents never recognized/acknowledged my thumb-sucking as a regressive behavior?
AITA for quarreling with my mom because of something minor?
AITA for not doing my stepchildren's hair?
WIBTA if I didn’t visit my fiancé’s family after his uncle died?
AITA for not caring that my parents kicked out my sister and not letting her stay at my place?
AITA for sending my cousin a birthday gift that her family wouldn't be able to afford?
AITA for not making mom cry?
AITAH for turning off the music at work?
AITA for yelling at a homeless man this morning?
AITA for sometimes leaving people on read
AITA for not believing in my fiancé’s “goals”?
AITA for being bothered about my GF still being in contact with her EX?
AITA for putting my teen daughter in a car seat
AITA for knowingly paying for a cheaper bottle of Champagne when the shop worker accidentally gave me an expensive one?
WIBTA for asking my best friends to hang out with me more? Or hanging out with each other less...?
AITA for not clearly saying "I love you" back to family/parents?
AITA for not picking my parents up from the airport
AITA for wanting to spend my actual birth day celebrating with boyfriend of 2 years and celebrate with my family on another day ?
AITA for not taking my kids to see their grandparents? (my in laws)
WIBTA for not buying my entitled brother presents anymore?
AITA for yelling at my younger brothers for using our dad?
AITA for being upset my dad fake flushed my anime figure down the toilet
AITA regarding the way my Mother Speaks English?
AITA for not "paying it forward" and buying the person behind me's food
AITA for teaching my parents' maid to be "lazy"?
AITA for setting a "pee trap" for my wife?
AITA for getting irritated with my stepdad giving the dog alcohol?
WIBTA if I gave a co-worker a joke cake?
AITA for telling my bf's mom she's the reason we won't marry or have kids?
WIBTA if I reported my manager to HR?
AITA for telling the parents of one of my students that he looks like a young celebrity?
AITAH for not caring about my husband's ex-GG mental health to get old pictures of our sick dog when he was a pup?
AITA For Not Giving My Mom Enough Attention At My Kids Birthday?
AITA for not really wanting to speak with my mom
WIBTA for telling people about my brothers mental health diagnosis?
AITA for fighting with my brother
AITA If I tell my mom shes cheap and inconsiderate and don't get a Christmas present?
AITA for cutting my father/stepmom out of my life for not heling me when I asked?
AITA for ‘freaking out’ by bringing up how I buy my friends stuff
WIBTA for doing this I’m not sure
AITA for asking my mom to pay me back?
AITA for refusing to apologize to my friend after I jokingly called her a terrible person?
AITA for wanting my daughter to talk to me?
AITA for not keeping my son from his grandma?
AITA For Not Wanting to be Friends With My BFs Friends?
AITA for "pitting my daughters against each other"?
AITA for politely asking my neighbor to stop shining his flashlight at my house and then scolding him when he seemed to ignore me?
AITA for not wanting my brother to take me home from work?
AITA for not staying away from my gf after her father ''didn't allow me to''
AITA for not helping my mom??
AITA for wanting my son to have something to remember his uncle by?
AITA For being annoyed about mice in my freezer?
AITA if I refuse to give a dog back to their alleged owner?
AITA for not wanting my family to come over on Sunday?
AITA for not wanting my family to see where I live
AITA for refusing to role-play as Moana and crushing a little girl’s dreams?
AITA for not listening to playlists people have made for me?
AITA For telling my sister to stop telling people about my life?
AITA for paying rent late, being a bad roommate, and a toxic friend?
AITA for not wanting to get a “normal” job?
AITA for being upset with my girlfriend after she hacked my school account to check my grades?
AITA-MIL has OCD and the whole family ignores it
AITA for telling my son I liked him better when he was younger?
AITA for not allowing my son to have Discord?
AITA for taking advantage of free donuts?
AITA for getting a pizza delivery girl in trouble
WIBTA if I drank champagne to celebrate finishing my PhD with my supportive, but super anti-alcohol parents?
AITA For not going to see my daughter of a year?
AITA for telling my mom that her that her decisions aren’t my problem?
AITA For changing my mind
AITA for assuming a toddler's gender pronouns?
WIBTAH if I left my parents’s house in the middle of the night with no explanation?
AITA for accidentally telling how my nieces dad really died.
AITA for telling my brother he wasn’t invited to support my friend because he’s a creep?
Wibta to shout at my mums friend
AITA for telling my (23f) boyfriend (24m) that he can either join me or GTFO?
AITA for ignoring or not aknowldeging my close friend's texts anymore?
AITA for asking my friend for an apology
AITA for giving my best friend gifts?
WIBTA if I stopped being roommates with my friend?
AITA - For arguing with my boyfriend over birthday cake?
AITA for gossiping about my friend
AITA for not having more control of my dog?
AITA for telling my dad to get out?
AITA for ignoring my family?
AITA for expecting my GF to make an effort in picking gifts for Christmas?
AITA for not liking the name my wife chose for our future daughter
AITA for fighting with my friend?
AITA for not including my dead niece in my pregnancy announcement?
AITA for convincing my girlfriend NOT to wear a white dress on our wedding day?
AITA for going to my Ex’s mum when I found out he’s telling people we’re still together?
AITA for expecting my boyfriend to cancel his plans because he made a commitment to me first?
AITA for quarantining in a different state than my kid?
AITA for not attending my high school gym classes?
AITA for not wanting to go to a concert with my girlfriend?
AITA for closing the door on an overly talkative charity fundraising guy?
AITA for not sharing my birthday cake with my Family?
WIBTA if i didn’t spend christmas eve with my ex?
AITA for no longer helping my boyfriends dad financially
AITA for not agreeing to cover for my partner on his birthday so he can take off work?
AITA for pointing out that my friend was sounding like a bit of a creep?
AITA For giving my mom an ultimatum?
AITA for telling my sister she is disgusting in her own home
AITA for not helping my former “stepmom” and step-siblings after my dads death?
AITAH for admitting I hate my Christmas gifts??
AITA for asking my brother to stop pacing in the house?
AITA for being annoyed about my stuff being hidden in a cupboard
AITA for describing my Perfect Christmas honestly?
AITA [24F] for biting the other side of my bf [24M] burger?
AITA for not allowing my MIL to see my kids?
AITA for telling my brother that there aren’t any mice?
AITA for Sending One Email Too Many?
WIBTA if I don't get a present for my two brothers, but get one for my sister?
WIBTA if I took my xbox controller back from my brother
AITA if I ask my teacher to make the due date the same day he puts grades in.
Aita for arguing with a vet?
AITA for confronting a worker who corrected me in front of my children?
AITA For getting mad at my date for using tinder on our date?
AITA for not wanting to forgive my brother and for making my mom sad at Christmas?
AITA For yelling at my husband for giving his sister our son's clothes without telling me?
WIBTA if i confronted my parents about Them favouring my sister
AITA: Changing my kids' chore schedule because of their behaviour?
AITA for letting my grandmother say the n word?
AITA for yelling at my mom and brother's ex-girlfriend
AITA for not including my parents in my two recent life events
AITA when I comment on a Facebook post with only an eye roll emoji 🙄?
AITA for “grey rocking” my narcissistic dad?
AITA for snitching on some kids?
AITA for not giving my sister a chance?
AMITA for asking my mother to leave the home I share with my sister?
AITA for making a wide turn into my own house
WIBTA if i made a scalper bot
AITA for asking my employee when he would be returning to work?
AITA for getting the better end of the deal with a friend?
AITA for using a dead name to show how annoying it is when they use mine?
AITA: Severe Insecurities/Trust Issues/Anxiety
AITA I found my sister in law coke and told my family
AITA for refusing to be the one responsible for my brother’s dog?
WIBTA for telling my dying grandfather I'm pregnant
AITA for asking a hospital’s financial situation before accepting a job?
AITA for making a dating profile for only a day, deciding it wasn't for me and telling the people I'd chatted with I was going to delete my profile?
UPDATE: AITA for wanting to dye my hair?
AITA for not stopping my gf from moving out?
AITA for refusing to buy a bag for my partner?
AITA For yelling at my pier for insulting my art?
AITA for not wanting to be friends with someone or trusting someone you accuse me of stealing
AITA for pulling off a shit prank?
AITA here about my dad?
ATIA for finding my friend getting mad funny?
AITA for slamming shut my bfs laptop?
AITA For refusing to let my brother see my daughter after he told my husband I wouldn't be able to have kids?
WITBTA for telling future MIL to mind her own buisness when it comes to mine and partners finances?
AITA for putting on my headphones and ignoring my stepdad after he pulled an annoying move
WIBTA if I didn't let my sister go to a party?
AITA for taking my sister's clothes out of the washer?
AITA for telling my friend to leave me alone?
AITA for not paying for a stained Airbnb tablecloth?
AITA for not giving my son the ps4 we bought him for Christmas?
AITA for telling my mom she revels in causing arguments/debates and it makes many not want to be around her?
AITA for not wanting to help my classmates
AITA for ruining my mom's carpet?
AITA for not lending my guitar
AITA For not visiting my ill friend.
AITA for stopping GF from ordering off the extra menu in the Sushi restaurant?
AITA for calling the cops on my neighbor?
AITA for not sharing the profit of my home sale with my MIL
WIBTA for reporting these kids to my school's administration?
AITA for not wanting to make tamales at my grandma’s cousin’s house instead of mine?
AITA if I want some answers?
AITA For Asking My Friend Not To Let Her Boyfriend Listen to Our Zooms
AITA for not thinking my partner should complain about turning the washer back on?
AITA because I wore a traditional garment to meet my girlfriend’s racist parents?
AITA for being pissed at my mom's friend?
AITA for not wanting to buy my mother in law a gift? (complicated background)
AITA for being angry at my friends for protecting someone who hurt me?
AITA for telling my mother she can’t have my money?
AITA for fighting with my parents?
AITA for being tired of asked for rides?
AITA For moving out?
AITA for asking my mother if she needs help tidying up?
AITA or being a quote on quote "Snitch"
Aita for not wanting to lose 20 cause my friend got bad pulls?
AITA for wanting to ignore my lonely grandma?
WIBTA if I kept pushing for an apology from my girlfriend?
AITA for not doing the cooking
AITA for not going out shopping with my wife anymore?
AITA If I demand my name is put on my car title
AITA if I stop calling stepmother Mum and upsetting her & my Dad?
WIBTAH for refusing to watch my nephew anymore?
AITA for telling my sister she’s a cheap bitch?
AITA for wanting to leave a somewhat negative Airbnb review?
AITA for letting my husband (34M) teach my daughter (8F) boxing
AITA for skinning a deer in my backyard in view of young children?
AITA for leaving my sisters home alone
AITA for not getting my daughter a birthday gift since she’s turning 18?
WIBTA if I got my GF a present she promised to get me?
AITA for calling my brother out for a remark he denies saying?
AITA for telling a friend that my gf was in the shower?
AITA for sharing a meme to my friends that said the r-word but I didn’t know had the word in it?
AITA for being annoyed at my twin sister teasing me?
WIBTA if I didn't a get a gift for a certain coworker but get everyone else in the building one?
AITA for being stubborn and pressuring my mother for a straight answer?
AITA for reporting a co-worker to our manager for taking personal phone calls?
WIBTA if I sold the Christmas gift my mum bought me to buy something else?
AITA? For getting someone kicked off the bus.
AITA for refusing to let my husband upgrade my phone?
AITA friends wrote a google doc about me behind my back
AITA for not helping my mom?
AITA for yelling at selfish friends.
AITA For not telling my co workers/bosses about another job I’m trying to get until i get it.
AITA Best Friend (20f) throws me under the bus and lets her boyfriend call me a lesbian
AITA for not apologizing to my stepmom?
AITA for not calling the soon to be dad bf of a befriended couple out for being an asshole
AITA for calling out this kid in my class for invading other people's privacy in a condescending and insulting way?
AITA for calling my dad immature and saying he doesn't know what he's talking about after he raged at me over a tech issue
AITA for screaming at my gf for wasting food?
AITA for breaking up my daughter's relationship?
AITA for making kids yell "penis" and "vagina" so it no longer was funny?
AITA for not discussing my exact plans with my landlord sooner?
WIBTA if I got motion sensor lights?
AITA in my relationship
AITA for not wanting my brother to cut my hair?
WIBTA If I ask my team members not to send me voice messages through Whatsapp?
AITA for telling my sister I wasn’t interested in hearing her make something about her?
AITA Dog marriage advice
WIBTA by saying that I won't babysit unless my brother helps me?
AITA for saying I feel uncomfortable when my straight girlfriend is naked with her bisexual friends
AITA for ignoring a coworker online?
AITA for taking away all my son’s electronics?
AITA for getting upset with my siblings for not doing a shared present?
WIBTA if I (18f) unplug my brother’s (13m) PS4 controller so he can’t play?
AITA for telling a guy behind me in the grocery store line to mind his fucking business?
AITA for wanting my ex to be nicer to me?
AITA for calling my friends fascists?
AITA for telling my nieces that how they look IS important and something they should care about?
AITA for farting while in a tent with a friend?
AITA for insisting on taking away my teenage son’s phone even though he suggested another punishment?
AITA for moving out?
AITA because I told my friend that I wanted her opinion alone?
AITA for asking about my mom's swollen arm and learning about her battle with cancer?
AITA for not wanting my sister use my laptop?
AITA For arguing with my husband for his weird nightly prayers¿
Aita for cutting complete contact with my dad?
AITA for yelling at my aunt to shut up at my mom's funeral?
AITA Got mad at mom over possibly sick pet
AITA For Telling my mom I love my family but hate them too.
AITA for calling out my mom on her racism
AITA for cutting my hair without my mom’s permission?
AITA for not apologising to my mother because of kitty litter.
WIBTA if I refuse to talk to my dad until he agrees that my long-distance boyfriend is real?
WIBTA if I get between my roommates?
AITA for "making my bf feel gross"
WIBTA if i complained to my boss about my female coworkers not being strong enough for the job?
AITA For being livid after my husband invited his whole family to celebrate christmas at our house?
AITA for moving housemate's laundry?
AITA for taking money from my parents?
AITA for telling my boyfriend that I don’t want to move out of the area with him if his brother goes with us?
AITA for calling my friend the asshole on the post he made about me?
AITA for occasionally including my girlfriends 6 year old daughter in social media pictures thar are promoting my small business?
AITA for not giving up my sales show to a coworker?
AITA for drinking my friend's whisky bottle??
AITA For saying no to my mom ?
AITA for telling my sister how I truly feel?
AITA for arguing with my sister about how much I'm going to receive for 9 days of work?
WIBTA if I tell MIL I dont like her presents?
AITA for not wanting my son to ruin himself for his wedding?
AITA for copying my friend’s style and then yelling at her when she called me out for it?
AITA for using same email PW for 15 years but with wife's name instead of ex's?
AITA for suggesting my wife do her work?
Aita for wanting to wrap and put presents under the tree now?
AITA for trying to get my mother in trouble at work?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I was sick of paying for her to visit her OBGYN when there’s nothing wrong with her?
WIBTA for keeping our cat?
AITA Declaration of Trust
AITA for calling out my brother for his homophobia,when I know his secret?
AITA for skinning a deer at college
AITA? I asked My SO not to do drugs around me, or talk about it me.
AITA for leaving SO behind while running?
AITA for telling my mom she's wrong to be offended by someone fact-checking her?
AITA for telling my (25F) brother (22M) that he is getting socks for Christmas
AITA for calling my dad a narcissist?
WIBTA for thrifting gifts this year?
AITA for cutting my fingernails during a meeting?
AITA for getting mad at my boyfriend when he tried to lecture me about school?
AITA for reminding my roommate to pay me back?
WIBTA if I stopped giving my cat its medication?
AITA For pulling forward in a parking space and not moving
AITA for taking my daughters phone and tablet away?
AITA - for asking someone not to help me?
AITA for laughing at my emotional mother and hanging up on her?
AITA for telling my brother that his wife is right and I’m embarrassed to be related to him?
AITA for getting mad my brother keeps turning off the WiFi
AITA for being mad my sister was “testing” my boyfriend?
AITA for not renting a movie?
AITA for publicly calling my father a coward and embarrassing him for leaving me with my Jehovah's Witness mother while he escaped?
AITA for not accepting my dad’s girlfriend’s gift to me?
AITA for not wanting my husband to support his older siblings financially?
AITA for pissing off my father because I said that my just repaired Walkman still had problems?
AITA for calling him a dick head
AITA for asking my brothers boyfriend to deal with my problems instead of dealing with them myself?
AITA for telling my(24F) telling my boyfriend(25M) about my past as a sex worker?
AITA for excluding my brother's stepchildren from a family tradition?
AITA for not helping my parents in their "project"
AITA for not wanting to emigrate?
AITA for wanting to workout?
AITA for continuing old family Christmas traditions vs new ones?
AITA for telling my boss's partner I don't want the plug in my office on my desk
AITA for being mad at my mum because she didn't buy me a book for school?
AITA for getting upset at gf[26] for adopting a ringworm infested cat?
AITA for insisting my boyfriend pay for an expensive holiday
AITA for not wanting to live with my brother?
AITA for telling my mother to limit posting inappropriate stuffs on fb?
AITA for being annoyed that my bf wastes food?
AITA for buying my fiancee an electric guitar?
WIBTA if I told my friend that I want to do our secret santa on a different day to my birthday?
AITA for not seeing what my ex fiancé found offensive in my mother way of treating her?
AITA for getting myself something after my girlfriend wouldn’t?
AITA for not supporting my unemployed mother?
WIBTA if i say i dont want to receive anything from my immediate family for Christmas but am okay with giving them things/having them gift me things so long as its not on the specific day
AITA for telling my mom I wanted a break because of school and work?
AITA for calling my aunt and uncle rude and impolite after I found out they called my father to talk about my face?
AITA for asking for help and then not being grateful?
AITA for blocking my best friends girlfriend?
AITA: For dying my hair black without telling my mum?
AITA for being mad at my brother and arguing with him because he is a bad roommate?
AITA for not inviting my boyfriend to a Christmas ice skating event?
AITA for telling my mother to skip out on my cousin's wedding and refusing to tell my sister to listen to my mother
AITA For Not Telling GF About Embarrassing Experience
WIBTA for locking my door?
AITA for asking MIL to not call my daughter "ugly baby"?
AITA for telling a mom she was basically doing her job as a mother wrong?
AITA for not throwing my SIL a baby shower?
AITA for putting MSG in my wife’s food when she claims to be allergic to it?
Aita for wanting to kick my roommate out?
AITA for forcing my nephew and niece to get haircuts?
AITA for laughing at my niece’s name and encouraging my wife to call her a nickname?
AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to live with another girl?
AITA sister fight, who’s at fault?
AITA for getting upset with young kids at bowling alley?
AITA for talking about my sister(31F) because she said i(18F) was a failure?
aita for refusing to walk the dog?
AITA For telling my friend that he’s an asshole when he was pointing out a bad habit of mine rudely?
AITA for laughing at my house mates sex-story?
AITA for being angry at my fiancee's family and telling them to grow up and be better, because they won't support us getting married since her older sister is still single?
AITA for telling my friend not to 'brag' even though she seemed genuinely frustrated?
AITAH for calling my cousin ugly because she called me ugly first
AITA for saying my aunt had nothing to do with my late father?
AITA for joking about my friends’ sexuality?
AITA for "gaslighting" my friend?
WIBTA if I asked my brother and his wife to stop sending Christmas gifts that my children have no interest in?
AITA for not wanting to split the cost of my parents' Christmas gifts?
WIBTA if I took away my shirt for PE
AITA for taking a job at my brother’s company?
AITA for calling my friend a leech?
AITA for pressuring my boyfriend to videocall?
AITA for telling my friend I find it gross that she calls her boyfriend daddy?
WIBTA if I only send a small amount of money to my niece for Christmas?
AITA for expecting my sister to pay for the damage she caused to my vehicle like she agreed to when it happened?
AITA for calling out my friend on what she meant to be a harmless joke?
AITA for not changing my cats name for my sisters baby
AITA for being annoyed at a child for crying during my wedding
AITA for making my sil "woke" and a "feminist"?
AITA for telling an "outsider" about something and setting off a chain of reaction which is still ongoing
AITA for not publicly supporting my friend?
AITA for airing dirty laundry about my sibling?
AITA for buying all of my son's gifts?
AITA for not wanting to help my friend with a school assignment?
AITA because I commented on a friends instagram post as a female?
AITA for getting mad over a joke about how straight guys always like lesbians?
AITA for being offended by my husband's compliment?
AITA for copying my roommate?
AITA for expecting my husband to throw a proper anniversary celebration when he is working?
AITA for not wanting to name my baby after my dead brother?
AITA for being more upset over leaving my cat home then happy about giving birth (not purposely)
WIBTA if i choose my step dad over my mom?
AITA for telling a colleague to ease up on baby talk?
AITA for getting upset at a friend?
AITA for telling my roommate to stop watching tv when I’m in class?
AITA for telling a crazy lady off in a text?
AITA for not liking my boyfriends brother?
AITA for switching the toaster setting
AITA for not wiping my nephews a**
AITA for rescinding a tip?
WIBTA if I told my friend I’m gay
AITA for not buying food?
AITA (actually my son and nephews and nieces) for not inlusding one my brother's stepson in their cousin's dinners?
AITA for asking my brother not to be so “fucking sarcastic”?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for removing my bf from my Spotify Account
AITA for wanting to end my visit to my parent's house early bc of mental health?
AITA for telling my brother to shut up after he shamed me for getting a surgery done on my jaw?
AITA for calling the authorities on my dad after he tried to deny me (a disabled person) stuff because of my line of work?
AITA I sent a dude a pretty mean message after a call
AITA for telling my brother he has poor parenting skills
AITA for not sharing my food because my stepsister left hers on couch where my dog found and ate it? And for not paying for her food in the first place?
WIBTA- I need to workout in my apartment, but I disturb my neighbors
AITA For wanting to donate to a struggling family for Christmas, instead of 100% to a shelter?
WIBTA For telling my manager and a co-worker that part of the reason I quit is because of the co-worker's laziness and the manager's allowing it?
AITA for telling my uncle I wanted nothing to do with his multilevel marketing company?
WIBTA if I stopped making/sharing food with my mom?
AITA for not helping my befriendee?
AITA for not liking the new puppy?
AITA for sucking at CS:GO?
AITA: Friend does some advertising work for me that doesn't bring business and says I shouldn't pay him for the work. So i don't.
AITA for putting aside some of the money I earn instead of the family account?
AITA for not reacting properly to my boyfriend’s present
AITA For expecting my mother to pay for a painting I did?
AITA for getting upset at my girlfriend not letting me into their business that was my idea?
WIBTA for sending my step-niece/nephew's mom cookies for Christmas?
AITA for not wanting to go to the pharmacy for my boyfriend?
AITA for writing a report breaking down a "joke" about global warming
AITA for taking a nap on my only day off?
WIBTA for asking my brother/family to help pay our heating bill for the month they’re visiting?
AITA for agreeing to watch my sister’s kids but refusing to abide by her house rules?
AITA For asking that my SO use headphones whenever they are on social media?
AITA for keeping money that my SIL took from her husband and gave to us for a plane ticket to leave him.
AITA for posting passive-aggressive memes directed at my sister?
WIBTA if I asked my dad to change the way he eats?
AITA for not talking my mom out of having my dad pay child support
AITAH for disagreeing w/BF's House Rules?
AITA for being upset with my husband over a boat ride?
AITA: Not giving a courtesy text?
AITA for not wanting to buy/share a home with my parents
AITA for blocking my friend after he sent me a dick pic?
AITA for being upset at my dad?
AITA for telling my friends they can't come over to my house?
AITA for not wanting to give my deceased grandfather’s cameras to my cousin
WIBTA if I sell a gift from my IL?
AITA for using appliances in my apartment at 8pm?
AITA For not getting a haircut?
Aita for yelling at my son for for asking me to play overwatch with him?
AITA for returning all the presents I got and buying my own because I’m tired of receiving what I feel are thoughtless gifts from everyone?
AITA for stealing the thunder from my friend by coming out as gay after he came out as trans?
AITA for referring to my fiancee's brother by "Johnny Appleseed"?
AITA for yelling at some obnoxious motorcyclists?
AITA for no longer wanting to help with my parents with Tech Support
AITA for taking back my mom's baby shower gift after she complained about me not getting her a birthday present too?
AITA for not wanting to help MIL?
WIBTA if I send an unframed piece of artwork?
AITA for being resistant to my husband buying another expensive car?
AITA for ruining someone’s hopes of dating their crush
AITA for not replacing shoes my puppy chewed up?
AITA for leaving for college and not calling my dad and changing Netflix profiles around?
WIBTA if I asked my parents to return the entertainment stand they got me and get me a dresser?
AITA for refusing to help around the house?
AITA for telling my girlfriend not to get plastic surgery?
AITA for trying to stay friends with people who have had a falling out with each other?
AITA for wanting to stop exchanging gifts with my best friend because she gives me some truly gross things?
WIBTA if I didn't buy my friends kids Christmas gifts?
AITA - property damage from tree
AITA for being fed up with my parents?
AITA (M19) for considering not getting my (F22) partner a gift this Christmas
AITA for asking for a product I purchased?
AITA for not staying with my sister while my parents go on vacation?
AITA for wanting to live at my dad’s full time and hurting my mom?
AITA for telling my friend to “go to hell”
AITA? Are Dishes a Bridge Too Far?
WIBTA if I fake being interested in becoming a doctor until I move out?
AITA for laughing when my friend told me he wanted to name his son Jackson with a G? (Gackson)
AITA for telling this guy that what we were doing was a waste of time?
AITA for not answering the phone for one of my friends consistently because I know the phone call is going to be 40+ minutes?
AITA for refusing to save my money?
AITA for getting mad at my bf after he hit my car with his water bottle?
AITA for telling my friends brother that my friend goes to counselling?
AITA for asking my grandmother to keep my door shut?
AITA that I dont want my sister to be my maid of honor?
AITA for asking my mom how much money she has when we're planning to move?
AITA for pushing and forcing my sister to work?
AITA for hating my ex-mentor and avoiding him, even though he tries to say something?
WIBTA if I took my bf to his ex’s strip show
AITA for going to upper management to complain about a co worker?
AITA For Not Begging For An Order?
AITA: For letting my dad kick my husband out of my brother's funeral?
AITA for leaving my roommates and moving in with my boyfriend?
AITA for saying my dads legal status makes him work unfavorable jobs.
AITA for telling her that she had been betrayed?
AITA For “Breaking A Promise” With My Dad?
WIBTA If I give my friend a nudge to finish editing her photos of me?
AITA for refusing to give my brother money for surgery on his nose so he can breathe out of it again?
AITA For Telling BiL It Was DH Who Told Me To Message Him?
AITA for being irritated with my boyfriend?
AITA for saying that money from my stuff should go to me
AITA for refusing to get my nephew a birthday present?
AITA for not helping my sister paint our room
AITA for ‘not respecting’ my cousins religious views?
Wibta for telling my mom we'd have to agree to disagreet?
AITA for applying to my boyfriend’s job among other things?
AITA for not wanting to go to church with my family?
AITA for “not telling” my family I‘m sleeping at my friends house
AITA for wanting to ream my SIL a new one for Not including my wife and kids?
AITA For wanting to leave while my roommates friend is homeless?
AITA for not answering my friend while i was asleep
Aita for ignoring and not forgiving my mom's fiance?
AITA? Pulling up the past to prove a point
AITA For not wanting to go to my cousins house
AITA for not trusting my husband and checking in with him about money
AITA for telling my overweight brother he must’ve enjoyed the soda?
AITA for buying a wheelchair without my parents permission?
WIBTA If i told my roommate they eat too much?
WIBTA if I stopped talking to my toxic close 'friend'??
AITA for having a physical preference for people of color when I'm white?
AITA for shaving a girls hair without her mums consent?
AITA for wanting to use my hairdryer in my room
Aita for how I handled a holiday argument
AITA for not wanting my mother in law to move on with us?
AITA for cutting off my cousin?
AITA For refusing to participate in Christmas activities with my wife and kids?
AITA for Wanting to have feelings in my family. After being told that adopted kids are broken
AITA for telling my step-dad it's unfortunate they're having another kid?
WIBTA for accepting help from my soon to be ex-in-laws in my divorce and benefiting from their racism?
AITA for not helping my sister with her project
AITA for having wedding be three weeks before fiance's cousin's wedding?
AITA for keeping to myself
AITA for asking my roommates boyfriend to help out with utilities?
WIBTA if I speak up to a colleague who always refers to me as assistant instead of my name?
AITA for stealing one of my moms mousse cakes?
AITA for not wanting my mom as a clean lady
AITA for asking a bisexual (?) friend questions about that?
WIBTA if I suggested selling our investment property and not allowing BIL to move in with his new wife?
AITA for being upset with my fiancé because she is abandoning me for Christmas?
WIBTA For not getting my family any gifts for Christmas?
WIBTA If I called my mom out on her christmas present to my nephew?
WIBTA for getting my neighbor evicted?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for opening my boyfriend’s Christmas present for me?
WIBTA for threatening to tell someone's parents about there secret relationship after they threatened me socially?
AITA for not minding my own business at work?
AITA for taking down a "meme" that was potentially offensive?
AITA for not paying for my BF's mom's room and kicking her out?
WIBTA for crashing at my friend's place and not telling him?
AITA for not wanting to put out my Christmas decorations?
AITA For getting upset that my family doesn’t know my or my son’s last name?
AITA for reacting negatively to an insult
AITA? Brother wants me to give up my room?
WIBTA if I asked my deceased fathers fiance if I could ask her a couple questions?
AITA for refusing to answer the door even though my partner knew someone was coming?
AITAH for expecting IL to get foster daughter a Christmas gift
AITA for telling my daughter that the reason bagels fell out of the freezer is because we bought too much stuff for her?
AITA For Tipping Less Than My Husband Thought I Should?
AITA Not igniting conversation between old friend at gym?
AITA for returning my currency?
AITA Coworker isn’t talking to me because I communicated with our boss
AITA for asking my dad to take in my mentally unstable sister so that I don’t have to live with her?
AITA for asking my daughter’s mom to stop inviting random men over when she has our daughter
AITA for not wanting to plan my sister’s wedding although I’m a full time event planner just because of the money?
Update: AITA for not being “sufficiently angry” after a colleague took credit for my work.
AITA for siding with my in-laws and refusing to go to China after my wife found out that she was adopted from there?
AITA for not changing my room?
AITA for making my MiL return the dog she brought for us?
AITA for accidentally getting my co-manager fired???
AITA for refusing to pay for a dog to go to the vet that isn’t mine?
AITA for not bringing my baby to a family wedding?
AITA for wanting to crate train a puppy?
WIBTA - if I didn’t buy siblings kids birthday presents?
AITA for not doing chores at home from coming back to college?
AITA for blowing my neighbors leaves back into their yard?
AITA for considering speaking against my roommate to management
AITA For how I reacted when my husband left me (wheelchair-bond) at the mall?
AITA For snitching on
AITA for warning a group about a possible scam?
AITA for not wanting to decorate for Christmas with my family?
AITA for not wanting to play any more chess? My boyfriend says I’m just too stupid for it.
AITA for not liking the Christmas Present my mom got me?
AITA for not letting my dad moe into my property?
AITA For making my coworker work over the weekend?
AITA for changing a friends home
AITA for ruining my friend's prank?
AITA for firing my son from family work?
AITA for feeling offended my childhood friend asked for €3?
AITA for being mad at my step dad after refusing to take in my cat?
AITA for not buyring a pet where my sister "said to"?
WIBTA if i imposed a reverse study curfew on my sister
WIBTA For removing the bathroom trash from a shared bathroom?
AITA for being slightly annoyed at my mum for constantly leaving in the middle of me explaining my side of an argument (which she asks to hear)
AITA for not welling to talk to my roommate about cleaning his dishes.
WIBTA if I didn't retake the SAT?
AITA for posting rants about my mother on my close friends IG story?
WIBTA if I stole my neighbor's cat?
UPDATE: AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA for wanting to get rid of cats, that i originally said we couldn't get in the first place?
AITA for being mad when I asked my friend not to ask my other friend out, and he did?
Aita or is my roommate wrong
AITA for not telling my friends everything before I cut them off?
AITA for telling my parents about my sister's lie?
AITA for being mad at my mom for cutting up my notebook?
AITA I refuse to see or help husband’s 102 yr. old grandma because she accuses me of stealing?
AITA for hiking off the trail
AITA for not wanting to return neighbors dog when he tries to follow us home?
AITA for getting my mom Lululemon Leggings for Christmas?
AITA for defending my dog from my sister
AITA For Stealing the Spotlight?
AITA For Not Giving My Partner More Money
AITA for commenting on my friends insta
WIBTA if I held onto the money my brother left out and made him think he lost it?
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for not letting our sister-in-law’s friends stay over Christmas?
AITA For Moving Out Because of My Flatmate's Controlling Language
AITA for feeding my girlfriend Hooters?
AITA for telling my friend to stop using her autistic brother to get attention?
AITA for telling my mom that when I am 18 that might be the last time she ever sees me?
AITA for being annoyed at coworkers for eating chocolates I bought to share with the team (including them)?
AITA for giving my non-drinking friend a drink?
AITA for exposing my ex on social media so people dont think im deluded
AITA for not holding a stranger’s baby?
AITA for assuming my husband didn't want to go Christmas tree shopping?
AITA for pursuing back child support after telling him I would not?
AITA for having different beliefs from my in-laws?
AITA for reading my sibling's posts and getting mad about his lies?
AITA for requesting an end to my sisters BS and my dads favoritism?
AITA for calling my step-dad a dumbass?
AITA for telling my friend to block my sister on social media?
AITA- Flipped out on my grandmother for being overbearing and getting too involved?
WIBTA If I stopped buying my husband Christmas presents?
AITA For throwing away a part of the coffee machine that only my wife ever uses?
AITA for Not Wanting My Sister to Hug Me?
AITA for wanting some privacy and locking the door while I’m in the bathroom?
AITA for telling my sister she snores?
AITA for telling my bfs mom to stop telling how my relationship with my dad should be?
Aita for not wanting to keep in touch with my mother anymore?
AITA for posting "my mom it prettier than yours" on an instagram story
AITA for discouraging Christmas to my 20 year old daughter?
AITA - custody arrangement over the holidays
AITA for getting to sleep in & still coming down complaining
AITA for taking away my son’s phone for being elitist?
AITA if I feel violated by my housemates lack of privacy?
AITA for kicking my grandmother out of my moms house after she tried forcefully convincing my BF to discipline my son?
AITA for telling my neighbor's boyfriend I will call the police if he comes near my apartment again?
AITA for getting mad because my mom left my 6yo with someone that I didn't know for a short period of time?
AITA for "undermining" my wife's parenting?
AITA - I threw away my girlfriends pork pies
AITA for not helping renovate the house?
AITA for insisting people take precautions when visiting a cancer patient?
AITA for calling my friend gay
AITA for being mad at my mum?
AITA for refusing baby advice from my ex in laws?
WIBTA if I paid off part of my sister’s student loans for Christmas
AITA for getting sleeveless dresses banned at work?
UPDATE AITA for selling my daughter's iPad?
AITA for making my brother feel unwelcome in my house.
AITA For Handing My Friend Into the Police
AITA for complaining about my in laws?
AITA for making a "friend" failing one of his classes?
AITA For not letting my dad drive my brand new car around the corner to the store?
AITA for asking them to wait to announce their pregnancy by a day?
AITA for writing that I've been stood up?
AITA for Talking about my Relationship at Work?
AITA for refusing to video chat with my husbands family in India?
AITA for disagreeing with my uncle about the rules of a game?
AITA for moving to a new city even though hubby didn't want to?
AITA for telling my sister she couldn’t stay at my house because I don’t want to deal with backlash from my parents?
[UPDATE] AITA for uninviting my daughter to our Christmas gathering?
AITA for cancelling plans over my husband losing his shit on our kids?
AITA for being upset at my Mom outing me?
AITA For not showing up to my mothers surgery after I found out she used me?
AITA For Saying, or Not Saying, the Right Thing?
AITA for deleting logs that prove I don’t owe my mom $200?
WIBTA if I asked my uncle to remove his balcony that is hovering over our land?
AITA for asking my BF to put headphones?
AITA for Giving my Parents the Silence Treatment for cutting down all the trees in our yard?
AITA for refusing to celebrate x-mas eve at my ex-inlaws house
AITA for being upset at my subleaser for trashing plants?
AITA for refusing to wear my cousin’s memorial shirt?
Aita for choosing my personal space over a friend's emergency?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
AITA FOR NOT WANTING TO APOLOGIZE, TALK OR FORGIVE DAD
AITA for not wanting to hang out with my cousin?
AITA for banning video games in my house?
AITA for leaving the group and using the project we worked on together?
AITA for being upset that my fiancée didn’t defend me against his brother?
AITA for refusing to make the first move?
WIBTA if I start spamming the comments of an Insta page that owes me money?
AITA for not inviting my friend to my housewarming party?
AITA for being mad at my bf for not doing the dishes while he was being sick?
AITA Gift wrapping expectations
AITA for asking my little brother to knock on our bedroom door before coming in
AITA for sending a text at 1am?
AITA for not tipping a waitress because she tried to gain sympathy for being a struggling single mother?
AITA for avoiding my dad's questions?
AITA for refusing to not buy sweets to keep in the house, despite my husband being diabetic?
AITAH for not taking my moms dog in AGAIN?
AITA for ungrounding my daughter after my wife grounded her?
AITA For kicking my sister out of the house after she told me to choose a side between her and my husband?
AITA for not willing to reconnect with a friend who treated me like crap before?
AITA for telling my friend she needs professional help?
AITA for being mad at my dad who won't delete a pic of me?
WIBTA If I told my mom that I don't do drugs like she did?
AITA for teaching my(27M) brother’s(33M) son(8) how to ride a bike?
AITA for not wanting to help my mother raisie my niece?
AITA for not attending church with my mother because I’m tired?
AITA for wanting some personalm
AITA for laughing and making a girl feel bad
AITA Called my mom a bitch
AITA for demanding my SIL pay me back for a Christmas gift that she destroyed, that was for my kids and shouldnt have been fucking touched?
AITA for not being more mindful?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
AITA for not sharing 100k with my brother?
WIBTA if I ignore my neighbour’s noise complaints?
AITA for backing out on helping my gram after she backed out on helping me?
AITA for being mean to my BF's dog?
AITA for telling my mother that she’s being childish and then refusing to listen to her problems?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
AITA for not forcing my kid to visit her dad?
AITA for refusing to sell my blizzard account for 5$ when I spent 30$ for it
AITA for refusing to apologise for my stuff being given away
WIBTA if I told my roommates that I don't want to split our prize money equally?
AITA for wearing my dad’s clothes?
AITA for not asking my sister for help?
AITA for not cleaning up after my partners employee?
AITA for telling my mom that just because she was raised one way doesn’t mean she has to treat her kids that way?
AITA for telling my cousin he's a loser for being a rеddit mоderator?
AITA for Leaving my (21f) brothers with my mom
AITA? Son (20M) wants to bring his poly partners (25F 26M) and their newborn to Christmas
AITA For not including a person to our group?
WIBTA if I told my friends he cant date this person?
AITA for belittling my home county on a call to old school friends
AITA for moving out of a shared flat with friends, without discussing the problems that made me move out first.
AITA for telling my grandson that he needs to stop blaming older people for the reason why he is struggling to find work?
AITA for yelling at my brother for sexist and racist remarks?
AITA for saying I will walk the dog later?
AITA for not wanting exes GF to look after my child?
AITA for wanting to get my own place?
AITA for wanting to have nothing to do with my sibling.
AITA for refusing to make my son be friends with his new cousin?
AITA for telling my mum I hate her in an argument?
AITA for not wanting to take my partners last name?
AITA for mumbling under my breath in a different language when I was pissed off at sisters boyfriend?
AITA : asking to be payed for my time?
AITA For ditching my friend on a nigh out
AITA for telling a co-worker they may need to delete a photo
WIBTA if I posted by art on social media
AITA for siding my daughter over my wife when my wife wanted to punish my daughter?
AITA for being friendly with my friend's mother?
AITA for getting mad at my friends for not caring about my DnD campaign
AITA for not getting enough steps on my girlfriend's fitbit?
AITA for not correcting my friend on the pronunciation of my name?
AITA for being too pushy as a friend?
AITA for telling my crush's ex to fuck off?
AITA for offering my artist friend lower than she would like for a small commission piece?
AITA for defending a snowflake on the internet
AITA for not letting my sister in law stay with us again?
AITA for not helping an old man who had fallen and couldn’t get up
AITA for asking my dad if he'd still be laughing in a nursing home
AITA for saying dicks are ew?
AITA for telling my mom that I’m not supposed to giver her money because 1.) she’s able, 2.) she’s more able than I am financially, 3.) I am not working to provide for them
WIBTA for not going to Christmas if my brother's girlfriend is there?
AITA for closing my mum's car door on a shopping trolly?
WIBTA If I vaped on my balcony?
AITA for not allowing a guy to use my bathroom.
AITA for leaving “friends giving” without saying goodbye to anyone...?
AITA for kicking my mom out after ruining our engagement announcement?
AITA for getting my brother a good Christmas present but not my stepsiblings?
AITA For ditching my friend at a house party?
AITA for refusing to be a godparent to someone's kid?
AITA for letting my little dog snuggle in my bed?
AITA for doing food prep in the morning
AITA for... all of this?
AITA for cussing in front if my cousin and refusing to apologize
AITA for clogging the toilet of my first date?
AITA I AFKed a League of legends after my friends said this
AITA for not giving my ps3 to my cousin due to inactivity?
AITA for being upset with my husband for failing to do the one thing I asked him for my birthday?
AITA for not wanting to watch the entire Clone Wars tv show (2008v) with my girlfriend?
WIBTA if I tell my girlfriend that I didn’t have a good time at her house?
AITA for getting angry that my partner let his dad use my cooking spoon to get his shoes on.
AITA for refusing the engagement ring from BF's dying grandma?
AITA for calling my mom a manipulative bitch?
AITA for telling my grown daughter "I don't care" when she said she doesn't want to speak to me?
AITA for refusing to ride in the same car as my husband?
AITA if I stop my fiancé from partying due to his gambling relapse?
AITA for forcing my daughter to spend time with me?
AITA for calling my dad a douche bag and not believing what he said?
AITA 8yo boy walked in on me in the shower
AITA for NOT making my brother and sister-in-law pay for something that my nephew damaged?
AITA for asking my friend not to badmouth me to my other friends?
AITA For Asking My Dad to Quiet Down
AITA for making my BIL aware of a mistake he made?
AITA for getting into verbal argument with rude janitor?
AITA for not accepting a cat from my MIL and getting my own pet?
WIBTA if I don't follow my sister's last wishes and invite her boyfriend to her funeral?
AITA for considering letting my child live in a different country with their father?
AITA Brother sold car to someone else
AITA for not letting my roommate’s pets in my room?
AITA because i said i minded if my dad invited his new “girlfriend” down the area of the house that i live?
WIBTA if I told my roommate to get his dog trained?
AITA if I call animal protective services on my own family?
AITA for my ?toxic? friend's moving drama
WIBTA for not apologizing before christmas?
WIBTA if I confronted my roommate on her faking tourette's/ticks?
AITA for not Paying my fathers wife for dying my hair?
WIBTA if I shorten everyone's shifts at work to 4hrs instead of 6?
AITA for not wanting to re-gift an old present for Xmas?
AITA for taking and moving across the country with my ex-room-mates couch after he explicitly told me he did not want it and asked if he could leave it at my house? Because now his DAD wants it back and claims that I should have asked HIM who I barely knew.
AITA for giving a customer the silent treatment?
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for saying I don't want my son around my boyfriend's mom because she won't use his real name?
WIBTA if I wrote to my estranged aunt asking for an explanation about certain family secrets?
AITA for wanting to give away family DS Games?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for not giving my mother "last month's" rent?
Aita for making this comment
AITA for yelling my dad that I’m already an adult and I just want to help them?
AITAH, For accepting and eating the unwanted Oatmeal raisin cookies a guy’s girlfriend made for him?
WIBTA if I rented a room without telling my roommates?
AITA for calling someone out for being homophobic?
AITA for not paying my best friend's boyfriend's rent?
AITA for not wanting my mom to give my boyfriend a Christmas gift?
AITA for wanting my mother to help walk our family dog more?
AITA for not having a wedding even though my mom wants to pay for it?
AITA for sitting by myself at a picnic table at the beach?
AITA for not apologizing to my uncle when his feelings got hurt after he read my private messages?
AITA for not caring that my daughter is trans?
AITA for not coming to Christmas?
AITA for calling out a friend for claiming he was somewhere he wasn’t?
AITA for not reaching out to a friend
AITA for not sharing my quiz answers?
WIBTA if I get rid of my mom’s car sticker
AITA for having sex at 9:30pm in my own apartment and telling my neighbor to get over the heavy breathing she heard through the wall?
AITA For wanting to choose the birthday cake I want?
AITA the asshole for giving my sisters friend the "short end of the stick"
AITA for not wanting presents from my mum?
AITA for not telling my husband he doesn't get an opinion in my medical decisions?
AITA now that my Dad isn't talking to me and canceled Christmas together?
AITA for ignoring my bestfriend when he constantly asks help with his tests.
AITA for blowing up at a guy in my squadbay?
AITA for not caring that my mom had a stroke?
AITA for not dropping everything to talk about how the world is going to end even though I’m 6 months pregnant and have no mental capacity for that stuff right now?
AITA for being angry because my cousin lied to us?
AITA For blowing up on my wife after she promised my stepson a ps5 and asked me to use my daughter's emergency fund?
AITA for not speaking to my sister?
AITA for wanting to work even though I get paid less than what daycare and house care would cost?
AITA for not buying my wife Christmas Presents.
WIBTA if I shave my head again?
AITA for not wanting to tell my sister Im pregnant.
AITA for wanting to see my best friend on her death bed?
WIBTA if I forbid ex husband from visiting my parents
AITA for not singing?
AITA for getting upset my SIL took the name we had picked out?
AITA for not letting my sister use me (F30) as an example as a healthy fat person for her overweight child (F14)?
AITA for not letting my autistic sister come over my boyfriend's house, or hang out with us?
AITA for wasting my parents’ money for dropping a class in college?
AITA for not wanting to cooking for husband?
WIBTA for not being a neighbor?
AITA For refusing to apologize to my brother after he said he was relieved it was my mom who died not his?
AITA for not helping a homeless man?
AITA for not wanting my dad to bring his girlfriend on Christmas Eve?
AITA for telling my brother that my mom told others about his pregnant gf?
WIBTA if I threw out my sister's Christmas present?
WIBTA if i re-homed my grandma's dog
AITA for not apologizing to my dad?
AITA for not buying my son a car even though I've spent thousands on my daughter?
AITA for not wanting to take a pic for my girlfriend’s family.
AITA for not going to my grandparents house
AITA for yelling at my mom during a Christmas light show?
AITA for texting my brother about our parents sucking?
AITA for “ignoring” customers when I’m off the clock?
AITA for wanting to be vegetarian?
AITA? Gave away an unwanted dog back to breeder
WIBTA if i kept an second computer that we did not get charged for?
AITA for lashing out at my friend for always asking me why I'm single?
AITA for not wanting to play a game with my brother?
Aita for not telling my parents about my boyfriend
AITA for preferring my parents play a more active role in my sex education?
AITA (25F) for not wanting to write my boyfriends (25M) code for him?
AITA for being obsessed with Build-A-Bear?
AITA for refusing to share my food with other people?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
WIBTA If I (16M) told my girlfriend (16F) that I didn't think she has OCD?
AITA for being moody and then later crying in front of my aunt?
WIBTA for pointing out that a doctor who says it's possible for humans to experience fevers in excess of 90 degrees Celsius is a crank?
AITA for being irritated with mom’s singing?
WIBTA for regifting a gift I can’t use?
AITA because i won’t allow my (24m) parents to see my sister (17f)
WIBTA if I cut my visit to my dad's short because my sister is being rude?
AITA for telling a student that they might have to do a dance project for their class in order not to get a B?
AITA for calling my sister out for being a side chick?
AITA for snapping at my parents??
AITA for ratting on my friend?
AITA for snapping when I thought that I was in danger?
WIBTA if I did some light photoshop on my wedding photo with my stepmom?
AITA for fencing off our driveway?
AITA for giving my nephews Christmas themed cookies?
WIBTA if I reported my neighbors?
AITA for telling my parents which lights they should get?
AITA for saying that I didn’t want people to joke about my death?
AITA for telling my SO to give me a heads up if his mom moves in so that I can move out?
AITA: bought item on social media and didn’t wait for sellers response after asking twice
AITA i sent selfie to my friends husband in the army
AITA for refusing my mom?
AITA for poppin off at my mom?
AITA for telling someone to get off my porch after they accused me of being a thief?
AITA for taking my stuff back when my roommates clearly need it
AITA for telling my friend's dad to stop butting into my family business?
AITA for changing into a provocative outfit to purposefully offend my grandfather?
AITA for wanting to shave my head? (Update)
AITA for doxxing my friend
WIBTA if I tell my grandmother her coping mechanism is becoming unhealthy?
WIBTA for going to my nan’s for Christmas instead of my dads?
AITA for changing my colleague’s hours?
AITA for refusing to meet my brother’s new girlfriend because of what she looks like?
AITA for making a light hearted joke about the way something was drawn in a game between a couple on a date night and getting irritated that my SO stormed off to bed, making me feel like I've ruined everything?
WIBTA If I don't buy my nieces & nephews Xmas gifts this year?
AITA for telling my friend I don't care
AITA For Picking My Best Friend Over My FIL
AITA: Wanting to move out from my roommate
AITA if I won't let my mother see her granddaughter?
AITA for wanting my fiancee’s Autistic brother to pay his part of the living expenses?
AITA for not going to my nephew's birthday party?
Aita if I won’t/don’t buy gifts for friends kids?
AITA for telling my friend her partner is emotionally manipulative and that I don't like her?
AITA for wanting personal space and wanting to move out, away from my mum?
AITA for not feeling bad that my cat scratched my brat cousin?
AITA for "hiding" extensive family cancer from my SO?
WIBTA if I leave my family on their own?
AITA for not helping my juniors with assignments after some of them were disrespectful towards me?
AITA because I said no to uncle moving in?.
AITA for passing on my ex's phone number to a collections agency so they'll stop calling me looking for him all the time?
AITA for talking back to my brother?
WIBTA if I refuse my quince
AITA for spending the night at walmart?
AITA because I told my BF he can’t ever borrow my car?
AITA for telling children to not play in the parking lot?
AITA for implying my gay friend is into bestiality?
AITA for being honest with my sister about why no one likes her?
AITA for telling my friend to get out of my car and walk home?
AITA for not talking to my mom
WIBTA for purposely planning an event so someone couldn’t attend?
AITA for not emptying the bathroom trash very often because it's usually full of my roommate's menstrual waste?
AITA for taking a shit in the girl's bathroom becuase the guy's bathroom was unavailable
AITA for being irked my bf would rather pull out more loans then settle for a job that isn’t perfect?
AITA for deciding my sister did not want a Christmas present?
WIBTA if I (21f) get angry at my boyfriend (23m) for how he wished me on my birthday?
AITA for not talking to my father even though it hurts my grandfather
AITA for not wanting my mom to post my admissions decision?
WIBTA if I backed out on Christmas plans with my narcissist sister for my mental health?
AITA for refusing to be close with my grandma again?
AITA for not paying the utilities activation fees?
AITA for wanting to cancel family christmas and NOT my own birthday?
AITA for saying how I'd choose my adoptive family over my biological one any day?
AITA for asking my boyfriend to share his gift (which I got) with me?
AITA for calling out my aunt for insulting my hobby?
AITA for telling my friend fuck off
AITA for saying the kids gifts should be fair
WIBTA if i complained to my boss about my female coworkers not being strong enough for the job?
AITA for skinning a deer at college
AITA for publicly calling my father a coward and embarrassing him for leaving me with my Jehovah's Witness mother while he escaped?
AITA for excluding my brother's stepchildren from a family tradition?
WIBTA for accepting help from my soon to be ex-in-laws in my divorce and benefiting from their racism?
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA for getting mad that my family used one of my possessions without my permission?
AITA for siding with a kid that my daughter despises.
AITA for wiping my son's electronics and deleting everything after multiple warnings when he refused to do school?
AITA for cutting my ex's cell phone plan?
AITA for not giving my stepmom $200 for rent even though she planned on kicking me out today
AITA for adding in hotsauce (to my own plate) at dinner with my inlaws.
AITA for telling my parents they cannot take my daughter places if they don’t take my son too?
AITA for refusing to clean up after a dog that was gotten without my permission?
AITA for not telling my tenant before bringing 2 more dogs home?
AITA for spending my own back child support?
WIBTA for not allowing my sister to stay with me.
AITA for not allowing hand-me-down gifts for my baby?
AITA for refusing to cook my girlfriend and her kid vegan food?
AITA for pouring water over my husband's sleeve after he said it didn't matter that our toddler had an all wet sleeve
AITA for telling my fiance that she is too hard on my parents?
Aita for not selling our childhood home to my brother.
AITA for disinviting my father from my wedding after he attended my ex's wedding?
Aita for being a fast reader?
AITA for wanting to get a tattoo that’s apparently ‘cultural appropriation’ even though it looks pretty?
AITA for changing my boyfriend's restaurant order?
AITA for having an issue with a co-worker saying "God Bless, and have a good and Blessed day..."?
AITA for allowing my kids to wear shorts today?
AITA for expecting more from my girlfriend's son?
AITA for not sharing my cupcakes?
AITA for not babysitting my daughter’s 1 year old son without payment?
AITA for expecting my husband to spend Xmas with me and my family?
AITA for not altering my weed habits too much to accommodate roomie’s Bf and kid
AITA for asking to buy my friend’s wedding dress off of her because she doesn’t fit in it?
AITA Ex gets married on our sons birthday, ignores son
AITA for ‘slut shaming’ my friend’s potential girlfriend?
AITA for telling my MIL that the family has a secret group text to mock her adopted daughter?
AITA for wanting soon to be born baby to have my last name, and not considering my partners?
AITA I rehomed my brother in law's dogs without his consent
AITA for wanting my wife to stop working at home?
AITA for making a "share list", and teaching my kids to make one too?
AITA for telling my wife that begging my mom for Christmas gifts is cringey?
AITA for not helping my girlfriend cook meals on weekdays because my company provides free meals
AITA for calling my(27M) ex FWB(25F) a slut after she brought up our history in front of my fiancée(28F)
AITA for pointing out my brother's girlfriend kinda looks like a transgender girl we went to school with?
AITA for banning my siblings from being around my daughter unless they use her name, which "triggers" them?
AITA for leaving my family's Thanksgiving over seating?
AITA for refusing to wear a bra to meet my friend's new boyfriend?
AITA for leaving Thanksgiving with my mom and her suprise boyfriend
WIBTA If I didn't downgrade to economy from first class so I can sit with my girlfriend for the flight home?
AITA for telling my friend that his dad isn’t his biological father?
AITA For publicly emasculating my husband.
AITA for not waking up my BF so he missed his exam?
WIBTA if I do Thanksgiving at my boyfriends house so my roommate can't join us?
AITA For wanting my girlfriend to tell her subscribers about me?
Aita for telling my wife of she wants to get a job, she has to cover the financial deficit?
AITA for not going to 'my' daughter's birthday after promising to because of this...
AITA for letting the food burn on purpose at a family dinner?
AITA for Saying I Wouldn't Want a Baby like my Husband?
AITA for “not respecting” my co-worker’s peanut allergy?
AITA for telling our server she had a beautiful scalp at my wife’s birthday dinner?
AITA for Considering Ratting Out A Sex Worker To Her Mom
AITA for forcing my sister to move out of her bedroom?
AITA for refusing to eat with my wife because she won't stop discussing her pregnancy issues while we're eating?
WIBTA if I kept my dog against my wife's wishes?
AITA for charging my late dads partner full market rent?
AITA for exposing a my cousin's boyfriend as a fake navy SEAL?
AITA for trying to convince my sister to not name her baby a ridiculous name
AITA for not letting my wife spend my redundancy pay?
AITA for not letting my husband give my plant cutting to his female friend?
aita for paying my daughter to babysit her younger siblings?
WIBTA if i told hubby i want kids within 2 years or goodbye?
AITA for going to school with my daughter to ensured she behaved?
AITA for refusing to call my niece by her actual name because it’s terrible
AITA for forcing a family to clean their child's PEE off of our floor?
AITA for yelling at my mom and unloading the whole truth in therapy?
AITA for going to a restaurant with no intention of tipping after they overcharged me last time and refused to return it?
AITA for refusing to change my daughter’s last name?
WIBTA if I won't test my blood to possibly help my sister?
AITA: Refusing baby items from another pregnant family member.
AITA: For planning to emigrate in order to avoid paying off my student loans? My friend thinks so.
AITA for dumping the neighbor's leaves on their porch?
AITA for getting upset that some random dude struck up conversation with my SO?
Aita for buying 22 cans of baby formula ?
AITA for circulating a petition to have a child removed from my kid’s class?
AITA for taking advantage of a major error made by a dealership when buying a new motorcycle?
AITA for telling my girlfriend that her being so "woke" embarasses me?
AITA for not giving up my bed?
AITA for screaming at my father to stop turning off my alarm clock
AITA for making my sister think her kids were kidnapped?
AITA for making a pregnant woman pick up her saliva filled garbage? (Something I got fired for)
AITA For yelling at my deceased brother's wife that I'm not her husband?
AITA for refusing to acknowledge my little sister?
AITA for shaving my friend’s cat?
AITA for getting married on my MILs birthday?
AITA for going to a football game instead of spending the day celebrating my wife's pregnancy after she just found out?
AITA for ordering Dominos pizza and refusing to serve other food because of my MIL’s ridiculous domino’s pizza boycott?
AITA for telling my wife that it is her fault that she can’t see our daughter?
AITA (46f) for not making my (newlywed) husband pay for my daughter’s(20f) tuition
AITA for telling my wife that she is being self righteous and that I will be taking the kids to my mom's house for Thanksgiving?
AITA for having a safe and not telling my SO what's in it?
AITA for digging up my grandfather's grave and dragging his body across the country?
WIBTA if I start making people uncomfortable when they point out the fact that I had kids at a young age?
AITA for letting my son visit my brother even though my wife said no.
AITA for making a boy give me his seat on the bus
AITA for falsifying my son's DNA test?
AITA for telling another employee the reason people don't like her is that she behaves like a walking, talking, Reddit-y Meme Page?
AITA for telling my girlfriend(25F) that I(27M) would want a paternity test if I ever got her pregnant?
AITA for telling my wife that it is her fault my family hates her and going to a party she wasn't invited to?
AITA for telling women she’s a horrible mother and needs to get a job
AITA for wanting my(30M) hypothetical children to have my last name and not my wife’s(31F)?
AITA for refusing to spend time with my Grandmother in her final years because she decided to leave me a paltry amount of her estate in her will?
AITA for telling my father’s wife that she is nothing to me besides my that?
AITA for telling my bf that it’s my house & I’m gonna do what I want in it?
AITA for telling my friend to stop asking me to babysit her children?
AITA for being angry that my ex-wife left our kids home alone with someone I don’t know?
AITA for not allowing my husband's child over while my husband is gone?
AITA for leaving my wife at the hospital alone?
AITA For Refusing To Clean Up Luminaries After HOA Put Them In My Yard Without Consent?
AITA For storming out of a dinner with my wife and her best friend?
AITA for keeping SIL (Sister in law) expensive pot? That she threw away in her recycling bin?
AITA for telling my daughter "no food after 8pm"?
AITA for making my wife change her clothes?
AITA for yelling at my 6 year old daughter?
AITA for telling a coworker to either lock her kid in the closet or call back when we can get some work done?
AITA for being angry my sister treats me like her child?
AITA for being honest with my wife that I can't see what my mother is doing wrong?
AITA for taking attention away from the bride at a wedding?
AITA for not talking to my family and refusing to go to therapy after losing two of my children last year?
AITA for eating take-out while my step Dad had a heart attack?
AITA for stating the truth to my divorced mother?
AITA for taking my 'late brother's' hoodie from his grieving girlfriend?
AITA for telling my bf I am uncomfortable with him sleeping in a tent with another girl?
AITA for saying that I'd take my brother to court over inheritance if my parents didn't buy me an apartment?
AITA(27f) for telling my sister(19f) that she needs to move out because we want to convert her room into a nursery after our baby is born
AITA for saying I won't pay my kid's debt?
AITA for asking my son and DIL to stay away from my wife's birthday?
AITA for blowing up on my mom when I found out she wasn't happy about my engagment?
AITA for taking a foreign exchange student home after his buddy abandoned him? my parents are pissed
AITA for “this you?”ing someone I went to high school with.
AITA for telling my wife she needs to take care of herself?
AITA for telling my husband to stop saying to our 2.5yo she is making him sad?
AITA for not confronting my parents after we heard their conversation?
AITA for not helping a family because they wouldn't let me listen to my son's heart beat?
AITA for showing a video of myself pole dancing to my friends partner?
AITA for refusing to take my girlfriend to the ER
Aita For telling my fiance I don't want his daughter to live with me?
AITA for not wanting to leave the door open when I shower?
AITA for shaming a friend of a friend for not having money to eat?
Aita for insisting to my friend that his “surprise rap” idea for his wedding is absolutely awful and not letting up about it
AITA for changing my mind about collecting child support from my ex-wife?
AITA for buying my dream engagement ring behind my fiancé’s back?
AITA for asking my granddaughter to help out more around the house?
AITA for not lending my car to my roommate to take his pregnant gf to hospital and texting him too much after?
AITA for making my daughter wear ugly clothing as a punishment?
AITA for excluding a guy from out friend group because his mom makes him bring his disabled little brother along?
AITA for wanting time off like my wife got?
AITA For Telling A Newly Religious Coworker That God Isn’t Real
WIBTA for cancelling gifts I bought my sister after she made jokes about me being a "sugarbaby"?
AITA for not bringing my fat friend hiking?
AITA for comforting my wife during a therapy session with her daughter ?
AITA for not letting my daughter’s mom take her on my days?
AITA for not paying for a new pair of glasses for my niece?
AITA for not taking in our ex friends daughter when we had technically agreed to?
AITA for telling my father in law about his ex wife’s financial problems?
AiTA for not taken in my god kids resulting in then going into foster care.
AITA for not letting my sister get a job?
AITA for giving my son the same "punishment" another dad gave his daughter?
WIBTA if I reported a coworker for lying about her overtime?
AITA for not giving my sister any of the flowers from our moms’s old garden for her wedding?
AITA for Ruining Sister's Wedding?
AITA for banning alcohol at my wedding?
AITA for not letting my wife put up a Christmas tree at the start of November?
WIBTA for blocking my parents from being involved in my wedding plans because they're not paying?
AITA for telling my dad his family disgusts me?
AITA for not taking my step daughter with me and my son on a trip?
AITA for refusing to go on a dumbass flight from Budapest to Budapest (not a typo) "flight to nowhere"
AITA for stealing money from my parent because I couldn’t afford transportation to go home?
AITA for going against my family's unhealthy lifestyle and trying to lose weight?
AITA - She stole my curtains five years ago and I want them back!
AITA for suing a woman after a car accident?
AITA for telling my wife that I am going to have a relationship with my mom and it isn't up for negotiation?
AITA for saying that NO children are allowed at me and my bfs future wedding?
WIBTA if i gave my son a very similar name as my sister-in-laws dead son?
AITA for not tipping?
WIBTA if i tell my friend that not everyone is as rich as her and she needs to stop being so stuck up?
AITA for telling my wife to stop being so self righteous?
AITA for telling a woman I don’t care she has breast cancer?
AITA for telling my daughter that sometimes authority should be disrespected?
AITA for telling my mother that I had it worse when our father (her husband) died?
AITA for deleting all of my son's game apps and taking away his ps4?
AITA for reminding my husband I make more money than him
AITA for calling a squad of gay dads "buffoons" after they called me an "elitist?"
AITA for emailing a co-worker to never ask me to do things for her again?
AITA for wanting half of my wife’s inheritance?
AITA for telling my son that I am not happy for him?
AITA for pretending not to know my wife while I was eating lunch with a prospective client?
AITA for telling my(17M) stepdad that he’s not my real dad and should stay out of my business?
AITA for refusing to serve the parents of the girl who bullied me at school?
AITA for asking my step sister for the more expensive wedding gift?
AITA for Cancelling My Daughter’s Baby Shower
AITA for telling a kid why she got her name?
Aita for being a deadbeat and abandoning my 'son'
AITA for "entrapping" my students?
AITA For giving my son’s girlfriend a list of requirements if they’re going to receive financial support from me after I was given a list of requirements to see their baby?
AITA for forcing my wife to disclose her disability status?
AITA For arguing with my girlfriend for cooking meals my son is allergic to?
AITA for expecting my sister to watch my daughter without pay?
AITA for refusing to tell my boss to pay my wife
AITA for playing along when my sister in law joked about us running away together?
AITA for insisting on giving my daughter (2f) a present from my sister (42f) against my wife's (34f) wishes
AITA for not letting my ex have the kids on Christmas because he won't let them attend my wedding?
AITA for telling my husband that it is selfish for him to have a relationship with his mom?
AITA for telling my grandma that giving $5,000 to the church is a stupid idea?
WIBTA Boss makes less than male supervisor
AITA for yelling at my mom when she made me breakfast before a test?
AITA for insisting my friend NOT uninvite my parents to her wedding?
AITA for skateboarding in a neighborhood whose HOA banned it?
AITAH I screamed after a toddler did
AITA for telling my wife she's not the only woman in the world to ever have a baby?
AITA for refusing to stop painting the bi flag on my boyfriend's nails?
AITA for not letting my husband invite his parents to Thanksgiving?
AITA for claiming my wife should not check the "disability" box when applying for jobs?
AITA for not letting my stepson eat unhealthy food?
AITA for not letting a woman join our personal bubble in MMA class?
AITA for demanding to know if my MIL called my daughter stupid and therefore bringing more attention to it?
AITA for not cancelling my delivery order?
AITA for telling my stepsister that she can't model my clothing because because she's obese?
AITA for telling my dads new wife she can’t come to my college graduation?
AITA for getting Mad at a Guy for Cooking my Cultures Food?
AITA for giving an ‘engagement gift’ to only the groom-to-be and not giving anything to his fiancé?
AITA for getting my son the “wrong” pet since his sister is afraid of snakes?
AITA for refusing to go to my husband’s weekly get togethers with his college buddies and their significant others?
AITA for calling a teacher a dumbass for calling chess racist?
AITA for telling my sister to "fuck off" after she insulted my homophobic grandparents?
AITA for telling my colleague to "suck it up or quit" when she complains about unpaid work?
AITA for excluding one (horrible) girl in my uni household from a party I planned, laughing at her when she accused me of creating a "hostile environment", and telling her mother that she was obnoxious?
AITA for not knowing that my MIL was adopted?
AITA for wanting to uninvite the flower girl?
AITA for ordering pizza to a family dinner where there was already food?
AITA for being offended I was asked for a favor while I’m on chemo?
AITA for refusing to have any contact with my late husband's affair child?
AITA for not compromising with my tenant?
WIBTA if I uninvite my dad and step mom to my wedding after finding out they cheated 20 years ago?
AITA For Expecting my 16 Year Old Daughter to do Chores Without An Allowance?
AITA for encouraging my brother to get a DNA test for his baby?
AITA for causing a scene when my hairstylist majorly messed up my hair?
AITA for laughing when my host family brought up my weight?
WIBTA If I asked my husband to please cool it with his work bromance?
AITA for telling my brother that his own choices about our half sister got him disinherited?
AITA because my dog greeted a stranger (who doesn't like dogs) in an off-leash area?
AITA for having sex in my own apartment?
AITA for not criticizing my boyfriend's cooking until he basically forced me to?
WIBTA for expecting reimbursement for someone wearing my new, expensive dress before I did?
AITA for not backing down when I say I was bought, and want to buy a kid too?
AITA for buying a girly car for my Daughter?
AITA if I give a gift to everyone at a family gathering except my niece ?
AITA for wanting to take my kids to a mosque?
AITA: For asking my bridesmaids to cover up their large/loud tattoos for my wedding?
AITA for "forcing" my son to put some of his income into savings, and not allowing access until he graduates high school?
AITA for speaking a "racist" language which offends people
AITA for banning my GFs best friend from our home
AITA For telling my boyfriend I want nothing to do with his kid?
AITA for making fun of my girlfriends healing crystals?
AITA for not wanting to sacrifice my vacation time/holidays with friends/etc to help my partner more with his daughter when I told him I wouldn't be making the big parenting sacrifices before we entered our relationship?
AITA for reporting my professor after she filed an incident report because I emailed her because I thought it was unfair she wouldn’t let me participate in a graded class activity.
AITA (27f) for not including my little sister on family vacations because she won’t help out with the kids
AITA for “playing the race card” when it’s not about my race?
AITA for wanting to post about buying a house just so my ex will see it?
WIBTA if I didn't contribute to my friend's wedding anymore because she's refusing to paint my house for free?
AITA for taking my 5 year old niece’s school stuff because she and her dad were being complete assholes
AITA for not trying to discipline my oldest child and telling my wife that she's a guest?
AITA for asking neighbors to be more considerate at the park?
AITA for telling my niece her boyfriend is below her standards?
AITA for calling out a fake service dog?
AITA if I ask my SIL to pay for her kids
AITA for defending my sister nor my wife when she told my sister she needs a condom for her attitude?
AITA for telling my girlfriend a month after my birthday that I was disappointed?
AITA for making my daughter's headgear permanent?
AITA For Getting Driving Instructor Fired When She Refused To Listen To Me?
AITA for making my daughter get her own food?
AITA for expecting my “vegetarian” family members to bring their own food to get togethers?
AITA FOR TAKING LEGAL ACTION AGAINST MY NEIGHBOUR WHO WONT LET ME WORK OUT IN MY OWN APARTMENT
WIBTA If I Left My Ex With The Bill For The Engagement Ring He Gave Me?
AITA for not telling my friend's husband that they had decided not to have kids?
AITA For yelling at my pregnant wife?
AITA for refusing to pay my son for babysitting?
AITA for telling my wife I am worried our daughter won't grow into her head?
AITA for telling my wife I wish she would take care of herself like her friends do?
AITA For taking back my tip from a delivery guy after he was complaining about it being "Too little"
WIBTA if I insist my girlfriend do the majority of the dishes if she insists on living in a place without a dishwasher?
AITA for refusing to continue to tutor my cousin when my aunt said she is no longer willing to pay my inflated price?
AITA for making a kid wet his pants because I was using the kids urinal?
AITA for refusing to disclose my medical condition to my family even though it might be genetic?
AITA for cussing and getting drunk in front of my kindergarten students?
AITA for telling neighbour child to shut up??
AITA for laughing at my ex-wife's request to do a joint session with her spiritual advisor/life coach?
AITA for refusing to change my desktop background?
WIBTA if I named my baby after my husband's late wife?
AITA for telling my friend to shut up about her kids?
WIBTA if I told my Grandma I know her dirty little secret?
AITA the asshole for "explaining periods wrong" to my nephew who asked?
AITA for telling my daughter’s boyfriend about her herpes?
AITA for not letting my girlfriend see what's inside my secret, private box?
AITA for refusing to get tested for autism?
WIBTA For not saying anything about my terminal illness?
AITA for throwing my biological daughter out of my house after she accused me of "abandoning" her?
AITA for making a dark joke about my horrible grandpa?
AITA for refusing to accept my sons relationship with his step-sister?
AITA for buying my Niece a M rated video game.
AITA for blocking the shoulder on a ramp to prevent cars from cutting the whole line?
AITA for proving to my wife that I don't need her in order for our household to function smoothly?
AITA for telling my boyfriend he can't get KFC because I can't eat it?
AITA for making fun of my sister's sex life and letting my fiance laugh at her when she talked about how I dated my fiance and his sister?
AITA for forcing my daughter to go to her grandparents house when it was her cousin's birthday and she was uncomfortable?
AITA for letting my daughter wear her "eat the rich" shirt to her grandmother's birthday?
AITA for telling my gf that it's "my house" that I'm building and not hers.
AITA for letting my stepdaughter sleep in bed with me
AITA for telling a tourist she asked me the dumbest question I've ever heard in my life?
AITA for not wanting to pick up a prescription for my girlfriend?
AITA for saying my stepsister wasn't my real sister?
AITA for taking my husband's side(step father) and "making" my daughter go live with her father?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I’m only going to give her a bit of the money I owe her after winning the lottery
AITA Wore my unconventional wedding dress to SIL’s wedding?
WIBTA for ratting out my coworker for lying about his wife dying?
AITA for only paying for my daughter’s college if she maintains a minimum GPA?
AITA for having a destination wedding so we aren’t stuck paying for unnecessary guests?
AITA for using a mug celebrating Thatcher's death even though my boyfriend's parents hate it?
AITA for asking if I can bring my dog to social events?
AITA? My sister cussed me out for not volunteering to provide end of life care for my grandfather. Afterward she lied and went on group chat to volunteer me against my will
AITA for blowing up at my boyfriend for selling "Buck Rags" to people?
AITA for hiring a nude cleaning lady?
AITA for being negative about my daughter's pregnancy and reducing my financial contributions?
AITA for asking my pregnant niece to move out so that my pregnant friend can move in?
AITA for trying to get custody of my son?
AITA for gluing a coin to the floor in my workplace?
AITA for not wanting to raise my son bilingual.
AITA for taking away my (40F) daughter’s (9F) switch for a week because she cut down all the trees on my Animal Crossing island?
AITA For putting conditions on paying for my son's college..
AITA for wanting/asking to be put on "her" deed to the house?
Aita for wanting my own room?
AITA for refusing to give my friend her laptop back until she pays me back?
AITA for locking my husband out of our bedroom after our wedding reception?
AITA for not being grateful for the cookies my husband tried to surprise me with on my birthday?
WIBTA if I didn’t let FOB girlfriend into the wedding?
AITA for telling members of our small town church "I create all rules, this is not a democracy".
AITA for crying over not liking my engagement ring?
AITA for telling everyone my sister shat herself?
AITA for begging my sister to let me live in her guest house.
AITA For not allowing my girlfriend to go to a male strip club on her birthday?
AITA for saying that my step-sister’s dad doesn’t love her?
AITA for flipping out after being told it was my dad's wedding day while we were driving to it?
WIBTA if I confronted one of my husband’s customers who is inappropriate?
AITA for refusing to help my friend after the death of her husband?
AITA For proposing with a ring I found on the ground?
AITA for assuming my best friend would dye her hair a natural color for my wedding and getting upset when she called me a bridezilla?
AITA for locking my gaming chair in my office so my pregnant girlfriend can't use it?
AITA for not being there when my ex gives birth because it conflicts with an anniversary?
AITA If I refuse to allow my GF to attend certain work events/family functions with me if she doesn't cover her tattoos?
AITA for telling my daughter that I’ve told her many times to lose weight?
AITA for being upset with mother for not giving me 48 hours alone with my husband?
AITA for not tipping initially?
AITA for getting angry when a family secret was downplayed in front of my kids?
AITA for putting a person on blast for euthanizing their dog?
AITA (F27) by dressing so different to the point where my family is too ashamed to be seen with me?
AITA for telling my sister she can't have her own room?
AITA for laughing when my daughter asked me to buy her a pole dancing pole?
AITA for telling my sister that literally anyone can get knocked up?
AITA for telling my ex's son why we broke up and not warning her?
AITA for not showing up to my dad's funeral after making him will me 50% of his assets as a condition to be there for his family?
AITA for not wanting my husband's name on our new home's deed?
AITA for taking my granddaughter to the pumpkin patch for the first time without asking her mom
AITA for not wanting to delay my retirement so my wife can retire sooner?
AITA For reporting a pizza delivery guy after he demanded a tip and was racist/stereotypical towards me?
AITA for exposing a fake veteran on a date?
AITA for not letting my MIL meet the baby after she said “shut up about your fucking baby”?
AITA for refusing to "intervene" on my ex-wife?
AITA for raising my daughter solely around adults?
AITA for threatening to kick my stepdaughter [17F] out?
AITA for asking my parents why they chose to give my siblings money and not me?
AITA for refusing to contribute to my daughter's wedding after she cancelled the previous one?
AITA for calling my son's teacher a "drama queen" over her objection to his shirt?
AITA for refusing to call my aunts husband sir and telling him hes pretty fucking cringe
AITA For Being Honest About How I Felt About My Son's Girlfriend?
AITA for planning my future brother in law's "proposal" at my wedding?
AITA for setting up cameras in my house to catch my husband drinking?
AITA for naming my baby the same as my cousin?
AITA for not defending my wife when my mom called her a stupid bitch and made her cry?
AITA for not selling my sisters in laws old house to my sister and bil?
WIBTA for exposing my Mum's Facebook fantasies?
AITA for exploding at my brother's fiancée?
AITA for dismissing a staff for her poor performance caused by food choices?
AITA for telling my son's wife to shut the fuck up? He is just mad because my grandson is now saying fuck.
AITA for not wanting my wife to drive our daughter around after a near accident she didn't even flinch at?
Aita for telling my 16 year old son that he will have to move out if he drops out if high school?
AITA for showing my grandparents the offensive Tik toks my cousins made about them & older people? Now they told me that they are giving me the entire inheritance.
AITA for agreeing to a trip without asking my wife first?
AITA for "profiting" from my GF?
AITA for refusing to meet my grandchild? My wife is begging me to come with her.
AITA for allowing my son to smoke weed in my care?
AITA for not letting my teenage son date?
AITA for laughing at my sister when she asked me to invest in her cringe Esty "business?"
AITA for letting my daughter take my sons bike with her when she moved out
WIBTA for taking away my daughter's art supplies as a punishment?
AITA for telling my friends I was pregnant before my husband?
AITA for disrespecting Japanese 'culture' by wearing shoes?
AITA For refusing to let my girlfriend back in my apartment after she caused me to miss my biopharmaceutics exam?
AITA for banning my housemaid from eating lunch ?
AITA for not telling my family I got a hand amputated?
AITA for refusing to apologize to her daughter for loving her mom more?
WIBTA if I didn’t go to my daughter’s gender reveal party?
AITA for telling a paraplegic, “At least I can walk.”
AITA for cursing out a couple who asked me to be in a polyamorous relationship?
AITA For leaving a date at a restaurant
Aita for not wanting to teach my four year old daughters about death?
AITA for taking SIL out for dinner and giving her a gift intended for my wife ?
AITA for shaving my toddler’s head against my ex-husband’s wishes?
AITA for telling my daughter I didn’t marry her dad for love?
AITA for not letting my husband to paint our son's skin for Halloween?
AITA for telling my girlfriend she doesnt have to be so secretive because I dont give a shit what shes doing?
AITA for not wanting to have a wheelchair accessible wedding?
AITA for refusing to allow my future daughter-in-law to hug me?
AITA for telling my soon to be DIL that it's her fault that I laughed at the engagement?
Aita for not letting my soon to be homeless GF move in with me?
AITA for telling my mom she should be happy her friend with cancer passed away?
WIBTA if I refused to go to my daughters wedding because my wife isn’t invited?
AITA for telling my ''sister'' to leave us alone?
AITA for not wanting my sister's stepkids to live with me?
AITA for calling wife petty and hateful?
AITA for not letting my girlfriend pretend to be my wife so she could be served alcohol at a restaurant while underage?
AITA for being angry that my friend who's a French tutor wants to be paid for proofreading my French essay?
AITA for asking daycare to re-take my daughter's temp?
AITA for refusing to give my sister our mum's wedding ring even though I don't want to get married?
AITA For Keeping a Small Spending Account From My Wife?
AITA for being upset that my bf told me to read a book on emotional intelligence?
AITA for breastfeeding someone else’s baby
AITA for refusing to drive my girlfriend home after she emabrassed herself at a party?
AITA for naming my son after my dead brother?
AITA? My sister won’t stop talking about astrology in regards to my baby and I told her I think it’s bullshit and annoying.
WIBTA If i spend my savings on wants instead of a plane ticket to my sister's wedding?
AITA For Cutting My Child's Inheritance?
AITA For moving after winning full custody of my sons
AITA for getting my atheist brother the New Testament for his birthday?
AITA for canceling my son's birthday party and giving away his electronics??
WIBTA if I left a bad review for a vet because of their security guard?
AITA For not babysitting for my brother
AITA for grounding my stepdaughter over her prank?
AITA for ruining a woman's reputation and humiliatingly her?
AITA for telling my friend a scientific fact?
AITA for leaving because my SIL's romantic surprise made me uncomfortable?
AITA for sharing my inheritance with one child and not the other?
AITA for giving the car I won to my friend instead of my sister and her family?
AITA for declining to house my cousin after she got kicked out of home for being a lesbian?
AITA for disagreeing with a photographer’s rate and refusing to pay him?
AITA for calling the cops on a group of college kids?
AITA For 'overriding' my husband's rules?
AITA for refusing to buy overpriced university textbooks
AITA for telling my husband that he was the reason our kids have attitudes and an electronics addiction?
AITA for gossiping about my husband’s family wedding?
WIBTA if I refused to loan my son and DIL money for childcare, resulting in her being unable to begin a job?
AITA for telling my 22 year old sister that she is a criminal?
AITA for not feeling comfortable with my stepdad coming over?
AITA for purposely ruining my FIL‘s favourite meal?
WIBTA for keeping quiet about an accidental scholarship?
AITA for telling parents that one of the kids in our learning pod has a roach infested home?
AITA for losing my shit at my housemate who brought a piano home with no warning
AITA for indirectly calling my wife a lunatic after she kept trying to get me to consent to naming our daughter George?
AITA for waxing my daughter’s friend’s lip?
AITA for "caring more about my wife" than my daughters?
AITA for not letting my daughter use the bathroom at night and making her wet the bed?
AITA for proposing on the day that is the anniversary of the death of her mother?
AITA for not letting my son know that i was actually his father.
WIBTA for dividing money meant for just my son between all 3 of my (adopted/step) kids?
AITA for calling my sister a dumbass after she fell for the illuminati WhatsApp scam?
AITA for not trying to include my father's wife more?
AITA for leaving the room without a word after my fiancé proposed?
AITA for not caring about my roommates’ nephew’s peanut allergy
AITA for not letting my wife do her dream because she wouldn't share my debt?
AITA For threatening to kick my mom and siblings out over my dog?
Aita for not contributing to the shared neighborhood space since I don’t use it?
AITA for not taking my plate to the sink and basically suggesting my partner's parents raised him wrong?
AITA for refusing to replace my brother's laptop after my kids broke it?
AITA for telling my sister that she should have expected to be outshone by her best friend at her wedding?
AITA for taking the rest of my family on vacations without my oldest son because my ex never gave him permission to travel?
AITA for telling my wife that she is selfish for not letting my mom meet our daughter?
WIBTA if I don't let my son move home?
AITA for Calling My Friend Stupid for Getting Pregnant?
AITA for making my husband confront his mom?
AITA for inviting my parents over to meet the baby against my wife's wishes?
AITA for intentionally blindsiding my pregnant roommate to avoid a confrontation?
AITA for paying for my stepsons college, but refusing to pay for my stepdaughters?
AITA for telling my sister that she should have aborted my niece when she had the chance?
AITA for not wanting to thank a donor for a scholarship?
AITA for not doing anything for my daughters birthday?
AITA for telling a co-worker he was being racist for saying getting my ears pierced at a young age was wrong, causing him to be fired?
AITA for telling a customer “Have fun being homeless”
AITA for defending my mom after she said she doesn’t love my children?
AITA for ignoring SIL's apology for a prank gone wrong?
AITA for not inviting my husband's sister to dinner because of her autistic son?
AITA for filing charges against my roommate and suing her for my hospital bill?
AITA for getting a large tattoo after being cast in a play?
AITA for asking for a certain ethnicity employee serve me?
AITA for telling my step-daughter to “go ask her real dad” when she asked me to pay for her plane tickets?
AITA for leaving the hospital when my wife was due to give birth?
AITA for not wanting my mom to buy my kids clothes at thrift stores?
AITA for laughing at my MIL when she cried over my husband's mental health?
AITA For eating a slice of cake my (13f) sister baked when she explicitly told me not too.
AITA for telling my ex gf I'm not her son's father and she should talk to his actual father?
AITA for telling a friend her divorce is her fault, even though her husband is incredibly sexist?
AITA for cutting my wife’s access to our security cams?
AITA for making fun of a girl for her dad's 9/11 death?
AITA for refusing to eat the vegan meal that my girlfriend made me for my birthday?
AITA for refusing to eat dinner my husband made?
AITA for putting an offensive joke on my wedding invites and refusing to change it when my soon to be in laws got angry about it even though me and my fiancée cope with humour? 36M dating 34F
AITA for telling my MIL that her daughter is dying?
AITA for "rigging" a kids talent show?
AITA for suggesting a coworker should wear a diaper after she shit herself multiple times
AITA for not wanting to clean my boyfriend's parents' home?
AITA for not wanting to fight for legal custody of my ex husband's daughter who has only known me as a mother figure?
AITA for telling my employer she's a bad mother?
AITA for telling my ex-fiance he couldn't have his ring back? (we broke up 1 year ago).
AITA for calling out my mom for her bad judgement as a parent?
AITA for not tipping my server when they made my meal cost more.
AITA for deciding which child gets the 'fancy bedroom' based off behavior?
AITA for refusing to loan my daughter money to “ rebuild her life” because she’s the one who ruined it?
AITA for bringing up the fact that my wife makes 4 times as much when explaining why I had to have my one year old son with me during a video meeting?
AITA for rescinding the punishment my husband gave my son
AITA For being upset that my girlfriend is wanting to get a tattoo of her recently deceased ex boyfriend?
AITA for refusing to give my gf any of my hoodies
AITA Told my mom, “If you raised us both the same then why did he grow up with no courtesy, morals, or respect” and she freaked out.
AITA for asking my sister for money to buy her pads?
AITA For Refusing To Cook Non-Vegan Meals For My Family?
AITA for refusing to share a recipe with my dad's wife?
AITA for giving my ex back a handmade gift after breaking up?
AITA for asking my fiancé to reuse his shower towel more than 2 times?
AITA for not giving my pregnant employee maternity leave?
WIBTA for asking for child support when my parents don't want me to?
AITA for blowing up at my bf over Pokemon Go daily gift?
AITA for telling my sister that she must take responsibility for her pregnancy and get over it?
AITA for refusing to buy the tampons my daughter likes and insisting she use her own money for them?
AITA for snapping at my brother and telling he was in the hospital because of his own lifestyle rather than our cats?
AITA for letting my daughter be stung by a bee?
AITA for making mutton curry?
AITA for asking my girlfriend’s father to pay me while I’m staying at his house?
AITA for not letting my son in law see his kids unless he sees all of them?
AITA for refusing to pay my friends medical expenses after he jumped out of my moving car
WIBTA if I don't tell my fiance about my past abortion?
AITA for making our college-age kids share a bedroom?
AITA for not giving my sister's foster son my breakfast leftovers when he was at my house?
AITA for refusing my husband's plan for a romantic night?
Aita for not paying for not telling my child about their college fund?
Aita For wanting my wife to give her ex full custody and send her son to live with his dad?
AITA for reverting client's website back to an inoperable state after being asked to fix it and not getting paid for it?
AITA for telling my sister about my wife's pregnancy without my wife's approval?
AITA for telling my 12 year old nephew that its wrong for him to tell on a person he saw stealing canned goods?
AITA for not wanting to make my bf's birthday dinner after he changed plans last minute?
AITA for allowing a dad to humiliate his son in my class?
AITA for calling my wife a “b*tch” for being rude to our son?
AITA for not telling my wife my parents were cousins?
AITA for refusing to pay for a lawyer for my legal adult daughter?
AITA for not allowing my children to accept gifts from their uncle because he left out their foster-sibling?
AITA for telling my sister that she's the reason she didn't get into her dream college
AITA for flipping out because my fiancé accidentally purchased my ex’s car?
AITA for being disappointed that my dinner consisted of a snack plate?
AITA calling my girlfriend by her full name instead of the shortened version?
AITA for saying I don't like my future daughter-in-law?
AITA for refusing to pay for my daughter’s college?
AITA for telling my wife that it’s not realistic for her to go to university.
AITA for contesting my estranged father's will to get my share?
AITA for giving my daughters nicknames to match their personalities?
AITA For outing my classmates in a test?
AITA my niece and nephew opened up my medical textbook and got traumatized
WIBTA if I grounded my son even after he broke his leg?
AITA for not letting a couple sit together to watch a movie?
AITA for telling my daughter that I don't have any interest in playing grandfather to her kids?
AITA? I’ve lived in an apartment for almost a year and want to get a cat, despite my roommate’s girlfriend moving in who’s allergic
AITA for criticizing my boyfriends constant marijuana usage
AITA for refusing to watch my niece and nephew when my SIL was in labor?
AITA for making my mom sleep on an air mattress?
AITA for making my parents reveal the truth about, then “sl*t shaming” my(26M) mom about my conception?
AITA For leaving my friends house because she tried to force me to eat vegan?
AITA for hanging up on a client because I couldn’t hear her over her crying kid(s)?
AITA for not letting my children call their stepparent "mom"?
AITA For not telling the couple I slept with about my genetic disability?
AITA for not punishing my daughter how my Ex-Wife wants me to after she snuck out and got into a really bad car accident?
AITA for "ignoring" a child in the grocery store?
WIBTA if I drop my kid's friendship?
AITA for telling my neighbor that I will let my cat out even though it bothers her?
AITA for mocking my brother for getting rejected by his dream college (that I got into) because he keeps tormenting me over it?
AITA For Kicking My Husband Out Over This?
AITA for taking what was owed
AITA for telling my neighbor she did her children a disservice after she called my parenting bad?
AITA for not allowing my girlfriend to pee while on a road trip cause we were on Native land?
AITA for choosing my little brother over my boyfriend and his family
AITA for telling my MIL that me living at home was different because I’m Asian?
AITA for not being forgiving of a home wrecker?
AITA for saying that my baby doesn't look anything like me to my wife and mother?
AITA for lying to my husband’s family about me being infertile?
AITA for not punishing my son "harshly" for the way he handled things with his girlfriend, now ex?
AITA for not being sympathetic to a friend who cheated?
AITA for telling my classmate hes not a polyglot?
AITA for being upset that my “model” is bigger
AITA for screaming at the little girl and her mom who sat on my motorcycle?
AITA for telling my brother (25M) he shouldn't have brought his girlfriend (24F) to my wedding?
WIBTA for reporting a HIPAA violation that could cost my sister her job and her sick daughter her health insurance?
WIBTA for refusing to let my wife use our joint savings to pay for her master's degree?
AITA For Kicking My Husband Out For The Rest Of The Week Because Of What He Said To Our Autistic Child?
WIBTA for no longer paying my parents money to look after my daughter?
AITA For cancelling my sons birthday after finding him smoking?
AITA for laughing for my friend who was cheated on by her boyfriend.
AITA for smoking in my house around a pregnant woman?
AITA for reporting our neighbors after their daughter tried to get into my house
AITA For not siding with wife after she took my daughter's diary?
AITA for wanting our new house to be in my name only instead of mine and husband’s name?
AITA For asking my baby mama to pay for a new Xbox that my kid broke?
AITA for not sharing my lottery winnings with my sister after using "her" numbers?
AITA for being uncomfortable when my girlfriend wears thong bikinis in public?
AITA for leaving the house to clear my head because my girlfriend called me an ableist?
AITA for demanding my husband stand up to his mother?
AITA for calling out my younger sisters jealousy about me looking younger than her
AITA for asking my daughter to remove the nanny cams in her home while I babysit?
AITA for telling my husband that my inheritance is mine to do what I want with it
AITA for requiring my daughter to agree to remove her facial tattoos before she moves back into the house?
AITA for being mad at my husband for saving my life?
WIBTA if I told my father in law & brother in law that they ruined my pregnancy announcement and will no longer be sharing updates with them?
WIBTA for asking my Fiancé for a redo proposal because I hate the story and ring?
AITA for reacting on a thing I knew I would react upon, even letting my gf and her friends know how I would react? And yet, my gf seems to think I overreacted on the accidental gender reveal that I've stated VERY clear, I - DO - NOT - WANT - TO - KNOW.
AITA for asking my SO not to use the bathroom at a certain time?
AITA for taking "drugs" in front of my friends mother?
AITA for calling out a girl who was acting like a hoe during dinner at a restaurant?
WIBTA if I searched engagement rings on my boyfriends phone so they would pop up on his social media ads/entice him to propose with a ring that I like
AITA for screaming at my 'transgender' cousin for taking my 'womanly' stuff?
AITA for calling out my friend for having plastic surgery done (making her cry) when she tried to lecture me about my skin when we were at the beach without an umbrella?
WIBTA for placing a parental lock on my network because my brother won't keep quiet?
AITA for making my wife leave private conversation and not telling her what was said?
AITA for not inviting my daughter to a family gathering?
AITA For Telling My Daughter to Hide Her Period?
AITA For faking my animal allergy for years?
AITA for telling my son, explicitly, that I do not support his future career endeavor, and that he needs to get serious with what he wants to do?
AITA for giving my wife’s ring to my stepdaughter?
AITA for making my brother’s girlfriend feel unwelcome after she broke a highly sentimental bracelet of mine?
AITA for telling my 19yo that I don't care that he has to work to help my ex out?
AITA for not pretending that I like my daughter's tattoo?
AITA (Am I The Asshole) for getting mad at my wife for a collage fund for my stepdaughter that I had no idea about.
AITA for making my daughter apologize to her stepsister, though my stepdaughter is not very nice?
AITA for telling my toddler that I will call the monster?
AITA for losing it when my husband scattered our son's ashes?
AITA for showing my BIL his wife's before plastic surgery pictures?
AITA for brushing my teeth and shaving in the bathroom while my roommate's girlfriend was sleeping naked in the bathtub?
AITA for moving my boyfriend's sister into my house despite my boyfriend saying no?
AITA for ditching my autistic cousin on a hike?
AITA for telling my daughter the only person to blame for her constant weight gain is herself?
AITA for refusing to support my younger sister through college when it’s our fault she doesn’t have a college fund?
WIBTA if I evict my brother-in-law’s pregnant mistress?
AITA for ordering my boyfriend silk sheets
Aita for not wanting my stepdaughter to live with me anymore
WIBTA if I told my female employee to dress nice and wear makeup?
AITA for not celebrating my girlfriends birthday because she recently made some really ugly comments towards me?
AITA for ruining my wife’s birthday trip by insisting either our son comes or no one goes?
AITA for telling my wife that she is lazy and that she needs to do more chores around the house?
AITA for getting secretly married?
AITA for refusing to lie about my husband having a favorite child?
AITA for deleting my “Idiots Guide” after a misunderstanding
AITA for telling my deceased sister’s ex-BF that he can’t see his son who I adopted?
WIBTA if I let my teenage daughter’s friend become homeless?
AITA for getting angry at MIL for having a very adult conversation with my daughter?
AITA for walking out of an “intervention”?
AITA for prioritising my child over my husband's?
AITA for saying “Your Welcome” sarcastically after an un-thanked door hold?
AITA for yelling at my girlfriend in the middle of a restaurant?
AITA for calling my ex wife to come get my daughter?
AITA for outing my sister as gay and ruining her life
AITA for destroying a “family” computer
AITA I'm vegan. A friend who's required to self-isolate asked me to buy non-vegan food. I said no and offered vegan food instead. She said no. Am I the asshole?
AITA for calling my wife a loon
AITA for not telling my girlfriend I speak Russian (her native language)?
AITA for writing a sweet message to my wife on the bathroom mirror in lipstick?
AITA for telling my friend's wife what his Magic The Gathering collection is worth?
AITA for telling my sister's friend "that is one way to look at being a teen mom" when she bragged about how she and her mom looked like sisters and implied that our mom looked old? And that people of her race aged better?
AITA for banning my sister (13f) from using my Nintendo Switch?
AITA for getting mad at my wife for having a secret savings account?
AITA for not wanting to hide in the bedroom while my boyfriend hung out with his dead wife's family?
AITA for not allowing my father's now deceased wife to be buried with my parents?
AITA for "going missing" after my crush and best friend started dating?
AITA for haggling the price for my friend's animation commission? The friend agreed to lower the price but now other friends are calling me an asshole.
AITA for taking my daughter to get piercings?
AITA for yelling at my sister's boyfriend causing them to break up?
AITA - I asked my roommate to watch TV in her bedroom so I could use the living room TV
AITA for telling my sister not to wear a certain dress at my wedding?
AITA for leaving a negative review for a lawyer after he threw me under the bus?
AITA for betting on my cousin and his wife to divorce within one year on their wedding day?
AITA? Ex drags me through 2 years of court and 10k...so I’ll stick to the plan.
AITA for asking to get paid the same amount as everyone in the office going golfing?
WIBTA if i complained to my boss about my female coworkers not being strong enough for the job?
AITA for skinning a deer at college
AITA for publicly calling my father a coward and embarrassing him for leaving me with my Jehovah's Witness mother while he escaped?
AITA for excluding my brother's stepchildren from a family tradition?
WIBTA for accepting help from my soon to be ex-in-laws in my divorce and benefiting from their racism?
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA for getting mad that my family used one of my possessions without my permission?
AITA for siding with a kid that my daughter despises.
AITA for wiping my son's electronics and deleting everything after multiple warnings when he refused to do school?
AITA for cutting my ex's cell phone plan?
AITA for not giving my stepmom $200 for rent even though she planned on kicking me out today
AITA for adding in hotsauce (to my own plate) at dinner with my inlaws.
AITA for telling my parents they cannot take my daughter places if they don’t take my son too?
AITA for refusing to clean up after a dog that was gotten without my permission?
AITA for not telling my tenant before bringing 2 more dogs home?
AITA for spending my own back child support?
WIBTA for not allowing my sister to stay with me.
AITA for not allowing hand-me-down gifts for my baby?
AITA for refusing to cook my girlfriend and her kid vegan food?
AITA for pouring water over my husband's sleeve after he said it didn't matter that our toddler had an all wet sleeve
AITA for telling my fiance that she is too hard on my parents?
Aita for not selling our childhood home to my brother.
AITA for disinviting my father from my wedding after he attended my ex's wedding?
Aita for being a fast reader?
AITA for wanting to get a tattoo that’s apparently ‘cultural appropriation’ even though it looks pretty?
AITA for changing my boyfriend's restaurant order?
AITA for having an issue with a co-worker saying "God Bless, and have a good and Blessed day..."?
AITA for allowing my kids to wear shorts today?
AITA for expecting more from my girlfriend's son?
AITA for not sharing my cupcakes?
AITA for not babysitting my daughter’s 1 year old son without payment?
AITA for expecting my husband to spend Xmas with me and my family?
AITA for not altering my weed habits too much to accommodate roomie’s Bf and kid
AITA for asking to buy my friend’s wedding dress off of her because she doesn’t fit in it?
AITA Ex gets married on our sons birthday, ignores son
AITA for ‘slut shaming’ my friend’s potential girlfriend?
AITA for telling my MIL that the family has a secret group text to mock her adopted daughter?
AITA for wanting soon to be born baby to have my last name, and not considering my partners?
AITA I rehomed my brother in law's dogs without his consent
AITA for wanting my wife to stop working at home?
AITA for making a "share list", and teaching my kids to make one too?
AITA for telling my wife that begging my mom for Christmas gifts is cringey?
AITA for not helping my girlfriend cook meals on weekdays because my company provides free meals
AITA for calling my(27M) ex FWB(25F) a slut after she brought up our history in front of my fiancée(28F)
AITA for pointing out my brother's girlfriend kinda looks like a transgender girl we went to school with?
AITA for banning my siblings from being around my daughter unless they use her name, which "triggers" them?
AITA for leaving my family's Thanksgiving over seating?
AITA for refusing to wear a bra to meet my friend's new boyfriend?
AITA for leaving Thanksgiving with my mom and her suprise boyfriend
WIBTA If I didn't downgrade to economy from first class so I can sit with my girlfriend for the flight home?
AITA for telling my friend that his dad isn’t his biological father?
AITA For publicly emasculating my husband.
AITA for not waking up my BF so he missed his exam?
WIBTA if I do Thanksgiving at my boyfriends house so my roommate can't join us?
AITA For wanting my girlfriend to tell her subscribers about me?
Aita for telling my wife of she wants to get a job, she has to cover the financial deficit?
AITA for not going to 'my' daughter's birthday after promising to because of this...
AITA for letting the food burn on purpose at a family dinner?
AITA for Saying I Wouldn't Want a Baby like my Husband?
AITA for “not respecting” my co-worker’s peanut allergy?
AITA for telling our server she had a beautiful scalp at my wife’s birthday dinner?
AITA for Considering Ratting Out A Sex Worker To Her Mom
AITA for forcing my sister to move out of her bedroom?
AITA for refusing to eat with my wife because she won't stop discussing her pregnancy issues while we're eating?
WIBTA if I kept my dog against my wife's wishes?
AITA for charging my late dads partner full market rent?
AITA for exposing a my cousin's boyfriend as a fake navy SEAL?
AITA for trying to convince my sister to not name her baby a ridiculous name
AITA for not letting my wife spend my redundancy pay?
AITA for not letting my husband give my plant cutting to his female friend?
aita for paying my daughter to babysit her younger siblings?
WIBTA if i told hubby i want kids within 2 years or goodbye?
AITA for going to school with my daughter to ensured she behaved?
AITA for refusing to call my niece by her actual name because it’s terrible
AITA for forcing a family to clean their child's PEE off of our floor?
AITA for yelling at my mom and unloading the whole truth in therapy?
AITA for going to a restaurant with no intention of tipping after they overcharged me last time and refused to return it?
AITA for refusing to change my daughter’s last name?
WIBTA if I won't test my blood to possibly help my sister?
AITA: Refusing baby items from another pregnant family member.
AITA: For planning to emigrate in order to avoid paying off my student loans? My friend thinks so.
AITA for dumping the neighbor's leaves on their porch?
AITA for getting upset that some random dude struck up conversation with my SO?
Aita for buying 22 cans of baby formula ?
AITA for circulating a petition to have a child removed from my kid’s class?
AITA for taking advantage of a major error made by a dealership when buying a new motorcycle?
AITA for telling my girlfriend that her being so "woke" embarasses me?
AITA for not giving up my bed?
AITA for screaming at my father to stop turning off my alarm clock
AITA for making my sister think her kids were kidnapped?
AITA for making a pregnant woman pick up her saliva filled garbage? (Something I got fired for)
AITA For yelling at my deceased brother's wife that I'm not her husband?
AITA for refusing to acknowledge my little sister?
AITA for shaving my friend’s cat?
AITA for getting married on my MILs birthday?
AITA for going to a football game instead of spending the day celebrating my wife's pregnancy after she just found out?
AITA for ordering Dominos pizza and refusing to serve other food because of my MIL’s ridiculous domino’s pizza boycott?
AITA for telling my wife that it is her fault that she can’t see our daughter?
AITA (46f) for not making my (newlywed) husband pay for my daughter’s(20f) tuition
AITA for telling my wife that she is being self righteous and that I will be taking the kids to my mom's house for Thanksgiving?
AITA for having a safe and not telling my SO what's in it?
AITA for digging up my grandfather's grave and dragging his body across the country?
WIBTA if I start making people uncomfortable when they point out the fact that I had kids at a young age?
AITA for letting my son visit my brother even though my wife said no.
AITA for making a boy give me his seat on the bus
AITA for falsifying my son's DNA test?
AITA for telling another employee the reason people don't like her is that she behaves like a walking, talking, Reddit-y Meme Page?
AITA for telling my girlfriend(25F) that I(27M) would want a paternity test if I ever got her pregnant?
AITA for telling my wife that it is her fault my family hates her and going to a party she wasn't invited to?
AITA for telling women she’s a horrible mother and needs to get a job
AITA for wanting my(30M) hypothetical children to have my last name and not my wife’s(31F)?
AITA for refusing to spend time with my Grandmother in her final years because she decided to leave me a paltry amount of her estate in her will?
AITA for telling my father’s wife that she is nothing to me besides my that?
AITA for telling my bf that it’s my house & I’m gonna do what I want in it?
AITA for telling my friend to stop asking me to babysit her children?
AITA for being angry that my ex-wife left our kids home alone with someone I don’t know?
AITA for not allowing my husband's child over while my husband is gone?
AITA for leaving my wife at the hospital alone?
AITA For Refusing To Clean Up Luminaries After HOA Put Them In My Yard Without Consent?
AITA For storming out of a dinner with my wife and her best friend?
AITA for keeping SIL (Sister in law) expensive pot? That she threw away in her recycling bin?
AITA for telling my daughter "no food after 8pm"?
AITA for making my wife change her clothes?
AITA for yelling at my 6 year old daughter?
AITA for telling a coworker to either lock her kid in the closet or call back when we can get some work done?
AITA for being angry my sister treats me like her child?
AITA for being honest with my wife that I can't see what my mother is doing wrong?
AITA for taking attention away from the bride at a wedding?
AITA for not talking to my family and refusing to go to therapy after losing two of my children last year?
AITA for eating take-out while my step Dad had a heart attack?
AITA for stating the truth to my divorced mother?
AITA for taking my 'late brother's' hoodie from his grieving girlfriend?
AITA for telling my bf I am uncomfortable with him sleeping in a tent with another girl?
AITA for saying that I'd take my brother to court over inheritance if my parents didn't buy me an apartment?
AITA(27f) for telling my sister(19f) that she needs to move out because we want to convert her room into a nursery after our baby is born
AITA for saying I won't pay my kid's debt?
AITA for asking my son and DIL to stay away from my wife's birthday?
AITA for blowing up on my mom when I found out she wasn't happy about my engagment?
AITA for taking a foreign exchange student home after his buddy abandoned him? my parents are pissed
AITA for “this you?”ing someone I went to high school with.
AITA for telling my wife she needs to take care of herself?
AITA for telling my husband to stop saying to our 2.5yo she is making him sad?
AITA for not confronting my parents after we heard their conversation?
AITA for not helping a family because they wouldn't let me listen to my son's heart beat?
AITA for showing a video of myself pole dancing to my friends partner?
AITA for refusing to take my girlfriend to the ER
Aita For telling my fiance I don't want his daughter to live with me?
AITA for not wanting to leave the door open when I shower?
AITA for shaming a friend of a friend for not having money to eat?
Aita for insisting to my friend that his “surprise rap” idea for his wedding is absolutely awful and not letting up about it
AITA for changing my mind about collecting child support from my ex-wife?
AITA for buying my dream engagement ring behind my fiancé’s back?
AITA for asking my granddaughter to help out more around the house?
AITA for not lending my car to my roommate to take his pregnant gf to hospital and texting him too much after?
AITA for making my daughter wear ugly clothing as a punishment?
AITA for excluding a guy from out friend group because his mom makes him bring his disabled little brother along?
AITA for wanting time off like my wife got?
AITA For Telling A Newly Religious Coworker That God Isn’t Real
WIBTA for cancelling gifts I bought my sister after she made jokes about me being a "sugarbaby"?
AITA for not bringing my fat friend hiking?
AITA for comforting my wife during a therapy session with her daughter ?
AITA for not letting my daughter’s mom take her on my days?
AITA for not paying for a new pair of glasses for my niece?
AITA for not taking in our ex friends daughter when we had technically agreed to?
AITA for telling my father in law about his ex wife’s financial problems?
AiTA for not taken in my god kids resulting in then going into foster care.
AITA for not letting my sister get a job?
AITA for giving my son the same "punishment" another dad gave his daughter?
WIBTA if I reported a coworker for lying about her overtime?
AITA for not giving my sister any of the flowers from our moms’s old garden for her wedding?
AITA for Ruining Sister's Wedding?
AITA for banning alcohol at my wedding?
AITA for not letting my wife put up a Christmas tree at the start of November?
WIBTA for blocking my parents from being involved in my wedding plans because they're not paying?
AITA for telling my dad his family disgusts me?
AITA for not taking my step daughter with me and my son on a trip?
AITA for refusing to go on a dumbass flight from Budapest to Budapest (not a typo) "flight to nowhere"
AITA for stealing money from my parent because I couldn’t afford transportation to go home?
AITA for going against my family's unhealthy lifestyle and trying to lose weight?
AITA - She stole my curtains five years ago and I want them back!
AITA for suing a woman after a car accident?
AITA for telling my wife that I am going to have a relationship with my mom and it isn't up for negotiation?
AITA for saying that NO children are allowed at me and my bfs future wedding?
WIBTA if i gave my son a very similar name as my sister-in-laws dead son?
AITA for not tipping?
WIBTA if i tell my friend that not everyone is as rich as her and she needs to stop being so stuck up?
AITA for telling my wife to stop being so self righteous?
AITA for telling a woman I don’t care she has breast cancer?
AITA for telling my daughter that sometimes authority should be disrespected?
AITA for telling my mother that I had it worse when our father (her husband) died?
AITA for deleting all of my son's game apps and taking away his ps4?
AITA for reminding my husband I make more money than him
AITA for calling a squad of gay dads "buffoons" after they called me an "elitist?"
AITA for emailing a co-worker to never ask me to do things for her again?
AITA for wanting half of my wife’s inheritance?
AITA for telling my son that I am not happy for him?
AITA for pretending not to know my wife while I was eating lunch with a prospective client?
AITA for telling my(17M) stepdad that he’s not my real dad and should stay out of my business?
AITA for refusing to serve the parents of the girl who bullied me at school?
AITA for asking my step sister for the more expensive wedding gift?
AITA for Cancelling My Daughter’s Baby Shower
AITA for telling a kid why she got her name?
Aita for being a deadbeat and abandoning my 'son'
AITA for "entrapping" my students?
AITA For giving my son’s girlfriend a list of requirements if they’re going to receive financial support from me after I was given a list of requirements to see their baby?
AITA for forcing my wife to disclose her disability status?
AITA For arguing with my girlfriend for cooking meals my son is allergic to?
AITA for expecting my sister to watch my daughter without pay?
AITA for refusing to tell my boss to pay my wife
AITA for playing along when my sister in law joked about us running away together?
AITA for insisting on giving my daughter (2f) a present from my sister (42f) against my wife's (34f) wishes
AITA for not letting my ex have the kids on Christmas because he won't let them attend my wedding?
AITA for telling my husband that it is selfish for him to have a relationship with his mom?
AITA for telling my grandma that giving $5,000 to the church is a stupid idea?
WIBTA Boss makes less than male supervisor
AITA for yelling at my mom when she made me breakfast before a test?
AITA for insisting my friend NOT uninvite my parents to her wedding?
AITA for skateboarding in a neighborhood whose HOA banned it?
AITAH I screamed after a toddler did
AITA for telling my wife she's not the only woman in the world to ever have a baby?
AITA for refusing to stop painting the bi flag on my boyfriend's nails?
AITA for not letting my husband invite his parents to Thanksgiving?
AITA for claiming my wife should not check the "disability" box when applying for jobs?
AITA for not letting my stepson eat unhealthy food?
AITA for not letting a woman join our personal bubble in MMA class?
AITA for demanding to know if my MIL called my daughter stupid and therefore bringing more attention to it?
AITA for not cancelling my delivery order?
AITA for telling my stepsister that she can't model my clothing because because she's obese?
AITA for telling my dads new wife she can’t come to my college graduation?
AITA for getting Mad at a Guy for Cooking my Cultures Food?
AITA for giving an ‘engagement gift’ to only the groom-to-be and not giving anything to his fiancé?
AITA for getting my son the “wrong” pet since his sister is afraid of snakes?
AITA for refusing to go to my husband’s weekly get togethers with his college buddies and their significant others?
AITA for calling a teacher a dumbass for calling chess racist?
AITA for telling my sister to "fuck off" after she insulted my homophobic grandparents?
AITA for telling my colleague to "suck it up or quit" when she complains about unpaid work?
AITA for excluding one (horrible) girl in my uni household from a party I planned, laughing at her when she accused me of creating a "hostile environment", and telling her mother that she was obnoxious?
AITA for not knowing that my MIL was adopted?
AITA for wanting to uninvite the flower girl?
AITA for ordering pizza to a family dinner where there was already food?
AITA for being offended I was asked for a favor while I’m on chemo?
AITA for refusing to have any contact with my late husband's affair child?
AITA for not compromising with my tenant?
WIBTA if I uninvite my dad and step mom to my wedding after finding out they cheated 20 years ago?
AITA For Expecting my 16 Year Old Daughter to do Chores Without An Allowance?
AITA for encouraging my brother to get a DNA test for his baby?
AITA for causing a scene when my hairstylist majorly messed up my hair?
AITA for laughing when my host family brought up my weight?
WIBTA If I asked my husband to please cool it with his work bromance?
AITA for telling my brother that his own choices about our half sister got him disinherited?
AITA because my dog greeted a stranger (who doesn't like dogs) in an off-leash area?
AITA for having sex in my own apartment?
AITA for not criticizing my boyfriend's cooking until he basically forced me to?
WIBTA for expecting reimbursement for someone wearing my new, expensive dress before I did?
AITA for not backing down when I say I was bought, and want to buy a kid too?
AITA for buying a girly car for my Daughter?
AITA if I give a gift to everyone at a family gathering except my niece ?
AITA for wanting to take my kids to a mosque?
AITA: For asking my bridesmaids to cover up their large/loud tattoos for my wedding?
AITA for "forcing" my son to put some of his income into savings, and not allowing access until he graduates high school?
AITA for speaking a "racist" language which offends people
AITA for banning my GFs best friend from our home
AITA For telling my boyfriend I want nothing to do with his kid?
AITA for making fun of my girlfriends healing crystals?
AITA for not wanting to sacrifice my vacation time/holidays with friends/etc to help my partner more with his daughter when I told him I wouldn't be making the big parenting sacrifices before we entered our relationship?
AITA for reporting my professor after she filed an incident report because I emailed her because I thought it was unfair she wouldn’t let me participate in a graded class activity.
AITA (27f) for not including my little sister on family vacations because she won’t help out with the kids
AITA for “playing the race card” when it’s not about my race?
AITA for wanting to post about buying a house just so my ex will see it?
WIBTA if I didn't contribute to my friend's wedding anymore because she's refusing to paint my house for free?
AITA for taking my 5 year old niece’s school stuff because she and her dad were being complete assholes
AITA for not trying to discipline my oldest child and telling my wife that she's a guest?
AITA for asking neighbors to be more considerate at the park?
AITA for telling my niece her boyfriend is below her standards?
AITA for calling out a fake service dog?
AITA if I ask my SIL to pay for her kids
AITA for defending my sister nor my wife when she told my sister she needs a condom for her attitude?
AITA for telling my girlfriend a month after my birthday that I was disappointed?
AITA for making my daughter's headgear permanent?
AITA For Getting Driving Instructor Fired When She Refused To Listen To Me?
AITA for making my daughter get her own food?
AITA for expecting my “vegetarian” family members to bring their own food to get togethers?
AITA FOR TAKING LEGAL ACTION AGAINST MY NEIGHBOUR WHO WONT LET ME WORK OUT IN MY OWN APARTMENT
WIBTA If I Left My Ex With The Bill For The Engagement Ring He Gave Me?
AITA for not telling my friend's husband that they had decided not to have kids?
AITA For yelling at my pregnant wife?
AITA for refusing to pay my son for babysitting?
AITA for telling my wife I am worried our daughter won't grow into her head?
AITA for telling my wife I wish she would take care of herself like her friends do?
AITA For taking back my tip from a delivery guy after he was complaining about it being "Too little"
WIBTA if I insist my girlfriend do the majority of the dishes if she insists on living in a place without a dishwasher?
AITA for refusing to continue to tutor my cousin when my aunt said she is no longer willing to pay my inflated price?
AITA for making a kid wet his pants because I was using the kids urinal?
AITA for refusing to disclose my medical condition to my family even though it might be genetic?
AITA for cussing and getting drunk in front of my kindergarten students?
AITA for telling neighbour child to shut up??
AITA for laughing at my ex-wife's request to do a joint session with her spiritual advisor/life coach?
AITA for refusing to change my desktop background?
WIBTA if I named my baby after my husband's late wife?
AITA for telling my friend to shut up about her kids?
WIBTA if I told my Grandma I know her dirty little secret?
AITA the asshole for "explaining periods wrong" to my nephew who asked?
AITA for telling my daughter’s boyfriend about her herpes?
AITA for not letting my girlfriend see what's inside my secret, private box?
AITA for refusing to get tested for autism?
WIBTA For not saying anything about my terminal illness?
AITA for throwing my biological daughter out of my house after she accused me of "abandoning" her?
AITA for making a dark joke about my horrible grandpa?
AITA for refusing to accept my sons relationship with his step-sister?
AITA for buying my Niece a M rated video game.
AITA for blocking the shoulder on a ramp to prevent cars from cutting the whole line?
AITA for proving to my wife that I don't need her in order for our household to function smoothly?
AITA for telling my boyfriend he can't get KFC because I can't eat it?
AITA for making fun of my sister's sex life and letting my fiance laugh at her when she talked about how I dated my fiance and his sister?
AITA for forcing my daughter to go to her grandparents house when it was her cousin's birthday and she was uncomfortable?
AITA for letting my daughter wear her "eat the rich" shirt to her grandmother's birthday?
AITA for telling my gf that it's "my house" that I'm building and not hers.
AITA for letting my stepdaughter sleep in bed with me
AITA for telling a tourist she asked me the dumbest question I've ever heard in my life?
AITA for not wanting to pick up a prescription for my girlfriend?
AITA for saying my stepsister wasn't my real sister?
AITA for taking my husband's side(step father) and "making" my daughter go live with her father?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I’m only going to give her a bit of the money I owe her after winning the lottery
AITA Wore my unconventional wedding dress to SIL’s wedding?
WIBTA for ratting out my coworker for lying about his wife dying?
AITA for only paying for my daughter’s college if she maintains a minimum GPA?
AITA for having a destination wedding so we aren’t stuck paying for unnecessary guests?
AITA for using a mug celebrating Thatcher's death even though my boyfriend's parents hate it?
AITA for asking if I can bring my dog to social events?
AITA? My sister cussed me out for not volunteering to provide end of life care for my grandfather. Afterward she lied and went on group chat to volunteer me against my will
AITA for blowing up at my boyfriend for selling "Buck Rags" to people?
AITA for hiring a nude cleaning lady?
AITA for being negative about my daughter's pregnancy and reducing my financial contributions?
AITA for asking my pregnant niece to move out so that my pregnant friend can move in?
AITA for trying to get custody of my son?
AITA for gluing a coin to the floor in my workplace?
AITA for not wanting to raise my son bilingual.
AITA for taking away my (40F) daughter’s (9F) switch for a week because she cut down all the trees on my Animal Crossing island?
AITA For putting conditions on paying for my son's college..
AITA for wanting/asking to be put on "her" deed to the house?
Aita for wanting my own room?
AITA for refusing to give my friend her laptop back until she pays me back?
AITA for locking my husband out of our bedroom after our wedding reception?
AITA for not being grateful for the cookies my husband tried to surprise me with on my birthday?
WIBTA if I didn’t let FOB girlfriend into the wedding?
AITA for telling members of our small town church "I create all rules, this is not a democracy".
AITA for crying over not liking my engagement ring?
AITA for telling everyone my sister shat herself?
AITA for begging my sister to let me live in her guest house.
AITA For not allowing my girlfriend to go to a male strip club on her birthday?
AITA for saying that my step-sister’s dad doesn’t love her?
AITA for flipping out after being told it was my dad's wedding day while we were driving to it?
WIBTA if I confronted one of my husband’s customers who is inappropriate?
AITA for refusing to help my friend after the death of her husband?
AITA For proposing with a ring I found on the ground?
AITA for assuming my best friend would dye her hair a natural color for my wedding and getting upset when she called me a bridezilla?
AITA for locking my gaming chair in my office so my pregnant girlfriend can't use it?
AITA for not being there when my ex gives birth because it conflicts with an anniversary?
AITA If I refuse to allow my GF to attend certain work events/family functions with me if she doesn't cover her tattoos?
AITA for telling my daughter that I’ve told her many times to lose weight?
AITA for being upset with mother for not giving me 48 hours alone with my husband?
AITA for not tipping initially?
AITA for getting angry when a family secret was downplayed in front of my kids?
AITA for putting a person on blast for euthanizing their dog?
AITA (F27) by dressing so different to the point where my family is too ashamed to be seen with me?
AITA for telling my sister she can't have her own room?
AITA for laughing when my daughter asked me to buy her a pole dancing pole?
AITA for telling my sister that literally anyone can get knocked up?
AITA for telling my ex's son why we broke up and not warning her?
AITA for not showing up to my dad's funeral after making him will me 50% of his assets as a condition to be there for his family?
AITA for not wanting my husband's name on our new home's deed?
AITA for taking my granddaughter to the pumpkin patch for the first time without asking her mom
AITA for not wanting to delay my retirement so my wife can retire sooner?
AITA For reporting a pizza delivery guy after he demanded a tip and was racist/stereotypical towards me?
AITA for exposing a fake veteran on a date?
AITA for not letting my MIL meet the baby after she said “shut up about your fucking baby”?
AITA for refusing to "intervene" on my ex-wife?
AITA for raising my daughter solely around adults?
AITA for threatening to kick my stepdaughter [17F] out?
AITA for asking my parents why they chose to give my siblings money and not me?
AITA for refusing to contribute to my daughter's wedding after she cancelled the previous one?
AITA for calling my son's teacher a "drama queen" over her objection to his shirt?
AITA for refusing to call my aunts husband sir and telling him hes pretty fucking cringe
AITA For Being Honest About How I Felt About My Son's Girlfriend?
AITA for planning my future brother in law's "proposal" at my wedding?
AITA for setting up cameras in my house to catch my husband drinking?
AITA for naming my baby the same as my cousin?
AITA for not defending my wife when my mom called her a stupid bitch and made her cry?
AITA for not selling my sisters in laws old house to my sister and bil?
WIBTA for exposing my Mum's Facebook fantasies?
AITA for exploding at my brother's fiancée?
AITA for dismissing a staff for her poor performance caused by food choices?
AITA for telling my son's wife to shut the fuck up? He is just mad because my grandson is now saying fuck.
AITA for not wanting my wife to drive our daughter around after a near accident she didn't even flinch at?
Aita for telling my 16 year old son that he will have to move out if he drops out if high school?
AITA for showing my grandparents the offensive Tik toks my cousins made about them & older people? Now they told me that they are giving me the entire inheritance.
AITA for agreeing to a trip without asking my wife first?
AITA for "profiting" from my GF?
AITA for refusing to meet my grandchild? My wife is begging me to come with her.
AITA for allowing my son to smoke weed in my care?
AITA for not letting my teenage son date?
AITA for laughing at my sister when she asked me to invest in her cringe Esty "business?"
AITA for letting my daughter take my sons bike with her when she moved out
WIBTA for taking away my daughter's art supplies as a punishment?
AITA for telling my friends I was pregnant before my husband?
AITA for disrespecting Japanese 'culture' by wearing shoes?
AITA For refusing to let my girlfriend back in my apartment after she caused me to miss my biopharmaceutics exam?
AITA for banning my housemaid from eating lunch ?
AITA for not telling my family I got a hand amputated?
AITA for refusing to apologize to her daughter for loving her mom more?
WIBTA if I didn’t go to my daughter’s gender reveal party?
AITA for telling a paraplegic, “At least I can walk.”
AITA for cursing out a couple who asked me to be in a polyamorous relationship?
AITA For leaving a date at a restaurant
Aita for not wanting to teach my four year old daughters about death?
AITA for taking SIL out for dinner and giving her a gift intended for my wife ?
AITA for shaving my toddler’s head against my ex-husband’s wishes?
AITA for telling my daughter I didn’t marry her dad for love?
AITA for not letting my husband to paint our son's skin for Halloween?
AITA for telling my girlfriend she doesnt have to be so secretive because I dont give a shit what shes doing?
AITA for not wanting to have a wheelchair accessible wedding?
AITA for refusing to allow my future daughter-in-law to hug me?
AITA for telling my soon to be DIL that it's her fault that I laughed at the engagement?
Aita for not letting my soon to be homeless GF move in with me?
AITA for telling my mom she should be happy her friend with cancer passed away?
WIBTA if I refused to go to my daughters wedding because my wife isn’t invited?
AITA for telling my ''sister'' to leave us alone?
AITA for not wanting my sister's stepkids to live with me?
AITA for calling wife petty and hateful?
AITA for not letting my girlfriend pretend to be my wife so she could be served alcohol at a restaurant while underage?
AITA for being angry that my friend who's a French tutor wants to be paid for proofreading my French essay?
AITA for asking daycare to re-take my daughter's temp?
AITA for refusing to give my sister our mum's wedding ring even though I don't want to get married?
AITA For Keeping a Small Spending Account From My Wife?
AITA for being upset that my bf told me to read a book on emotional intelligence?
AITA for breastfeeding someone else’s baby
AITA for refusing to drive my girlfriend home after she emabrassed herself at a party?
AITA for naming my son after my dead brother?
AITA? My sister won’t stop talking about astrology in regards to my baby and I told her I think it’s bullshit and annoying.
WIBTA If i spend my savings on wants instead of a plane ticket to my sister's wedding?
AITA For Cutting My Child's Inheritance?
AITA For moving after winning full custody of my sons
AITA for getting my atheist brother the New Testament for his birthday?
AITA for canceling my son's birthday party and giving away his electronics??
WIBTA if I left a bad review for a vet because of their security guard?
AITA For not babysitting for my brother
AITA for grounding my stepdaughter over her prank?
AITA for ruining a woman's reputation and humiliatingly her?
AITA for telling my friend a scientific fact?
AITA for leaving because my SIL's romantic surprise made me uncomfortable?
AITA for sharing my inheritance with one child and not the other?
AITA for giving the car I won to my friend instead of my sister and her family?
AITA for declining to house my cousin after she got kicked out of home for being a lesbian?
AITA for disagreeing with a photographer’s rate and refusing to pay him?
AITA for calling the cops on a group of college kids?
AITA For 'overriding' my husband's rules?
AITA for refusing to buy overpriced university textbooks
AITA for telling my husband that he was the reason our kids have attitudes and an electronics addiction?
AITA for gossiping about my husband’s family wedding?
WIBTA if I refused to loan my son and DIL money for childcare, resulting in her being unable to begin a job?
AITA for telling my 22 year old sister that she is a criminal?
AITA for not feeling comfortable with my stepdad coming over?
AITA for purposely ruining my FIL‘s favourite meal?
WIBTA for keeping quiet about an accidental scholarship?
AITA for telling parents that one of the kids in our learning pod has a roach infested home?
AITA for losing my shit at my housemate who brought a piano home with no warning
AITA for indirectly calling my wife a lunatic after she kept trying to get me to consent to naming our daughter George?
AITA for waxing my daughter’s friend’s lip?
AITA for "caring more about my wife" than my daughters?
AITA for not letting my daughter use the bathroom at night and making her wet the bed?
AITA for proposing on the day that is the anniversary of the death of her mother?
AITA for not letting my son know that i was actually his father.
WIBTA for dividing money meant for just my son between all 3 of my (adopted/step) kids?
AITA for calling my sister a dumbass after she fell for the illuminati WhatsApp scam?
AITA for not trying to include my father's wife more?
AITA for leaving the room without a word after my fiancé proposed?
AITA for not caring about my roommates’ nephew’s peanut allergy
AITA for not letting my wife do her dream because she wouldn't share my debt?
AITA For threatening to kick my mom and siblings out over my dog?
Aita for not contributing to the shared neighborhood space since I don’t use it?
AITA for not taking my plate to the sink and basically suggesting my partner's parents raised him wrong?
AITA for refusing to replace my brother's laptop after my kids broke it?
AITA for telling my sister that she should have expected to be outshone by her best friend at her wedding?
AITA for taking the rest of my family on vacations without my oldest son because my ex never gave him permission to travel?
AITA for telling my wife that she is selfish for not letting my mom meet our daughter?
WIBTA if I don't let my son move home?
AITA for Calling My Friend Stupid for Getting Pregnant?
AITA for making my husband confront his mom?
AITA for inviting my parents over to meet the baby against my wife's wishes?
AITA for intentionally blindsiding my pregnant roommate to avoid a confrontation?
AITA for paying for my stepsons college, but refusing to pay for my stepdaughters?
AITA for telling my sister that she should have aborted my niece when she had the chance?
AITA for not wanting to thank a donor for a scholarship?
AITA for not doing anything for my daughters birthday?
AITA for telling a co-worker he was being racist for saying getting my ears pierced at a young age was wrong, causing him to be fired?
AITA for telling a customer “Have fun being homeless”
AITA for defending my mom after she said she doesn’t love my children?
AITA for ignoring SIL's apology for a prank gone wrong?
AITA for not inviting my husband's sister to dinner because of her autistic son?
AITA for filing charges against my roommate and suing her for my hospital bill?
AITA for getting a large tattoo after being cast in a play?
AITA for asking for a certain ethnicity employee serve me?
AITA for telling my step-daughter to “go ask her real dad” when she asked me to pay for her plane tickets?
AITA for leaving the hospital when my wife was due to give birth?
AITA for not wanting my mom to buy my kids clothes at thrift stores?
AITA for laughing at my MIL when she cried over my husband's mental health?
AITA For eating a slice of cake my (13f) sister baked when she explicitly told me not too.
AITA for telling my ex gf I'm not her son's father and she should talk to his actual father?
AITA for telling a friend her divorce is her fault, even though her husband is incredibly sexist?
AITA for cutting my wife’s access to our security cams?
AITA for making fun of a girl for her dad's 9/11 death?
AITA for refusing to eat the vegan meal that my girlfriend made me for my birthday?
AITA for refusing to eat dinner my husband made?
AITA for putting an offensive joke on my wedding invites and refusing to change it when my soon to be in laws got angry about it even though me and my fiancée cope with humour? 36M dating 34F
AITA for telling my MIL that her daughter is dying?
AITA for "rigging" a kids talent show?
AITA for suggesting a coworker should wear a diaper after she shit herself multiple times
AITA for not wanting to clean my boyfriend's parents' home?
AITA for not wanting to fight for legal custody of my ex husband's daughter who has only known me as a mother figure?
AITA for telling my employer she's a bad mother?
AITA for telling my ex-fiance he couldn't have his ring back? (we broke up 1 year ago).
AITA for calling out my mom for her bad judgement as a parent?
AITA for not tipping my server when they made my meal cost more.
AITA for deciding which child gets the 'fancy bedroom' based off behavior?
AITA for refusing to loan my daughter money to “ rebuild her life” because she’s the one who ruined it?
AITA for bringing up the fact that my wife makes 4 times as much when explaining why I had to have my one year old son with me during a video meeting?
AITA for rescinding the punishment my husband gave my son
AITA For being upset that my girlfriend is wanting to get a tattoo of her recently deceased ex boyfriend?
AITA for refusing to give my gf any of my hoodies
AITA Told my mom, “If you raised us both the same then why did he grow up with no courtesy, morals, or respect” and she freaked out.
AITA for asking my sister for money to buy her pads?
AITA For Refusing To Cook Non-Vegan Meals For My Family?
AITA for refusing to share a recipe with my dad's wife?
AITA for giving my ex back a handmade gift after breaking up?
AITA for asking my fiancé to reuse his shower towel more than 2 times?
AITA for not giving my pregnant employee maternity leave?
WIBTA for asking for child support when my parents don't want me to?
AITA for blowing up at my bf over Pokemon Go daily gift?
AITA for telling my sister that she must take responsibility for her pregnancy and get over it?
AITA for refusing to buy the tampons my daughter likes and insisting she use her own money for them?
AITA for snapping at my brother and telling he was in the hospital because of his own lifestyle rather than our cats?
AITA for letting my daughter be stung by a bee?
AITA for making mutton curry?
AITA for asking my girlfriend’s father to pay me while I’m staying at his house?
AITA for not letting my son in law see his kids unless he sees all of them?
AITA for refusing to pay my friends medical expenses after he jumped out of my moving car
WIBTA if I don't tell my fiance about my past abortion?
AITA for making our college-age kids share a bedroom?
AITA for not giving my sister's foster son my breakfast leftovers when he was at my house?
AITA for refusing my husband's plan for a romantic night?
Aita for not paying for not telling my child about their college fund?
Aita For wanting my wife to give her ex full custody and send her son to live with his dad?
AITA for reverting client's website back to an inoperable state after being asked to fix it and not getting paid for it?
AITA for telling my sister about my wife's pregnancy without my wife's approval?
AITA for telling my 12 year old nephew that its wrong for him to tell on a person he saw stealing canned goods?
AITA for not wanting to make my bf's birthday dinner after he changed plans last minute?
AITA for allowing a dad to humiliate his son in my class?
AITA for calling my wife a “b*tch” for being rude to our son?
AITA for not telling my wife my parents were cousins?
AITA for refusing to pay for a lawyer for my legal adult daughter?
AITA for not allowing my children to accept gifts from their uncle because he left out their foster-sibling?
AITA for telling my sister that she's the reason she didn't get into her dream college
AITA for flipping out because my fiancé accidentally purchased my ex’s car?
AITA for being disappointed that my dinner consisted of a snack plate?
AITA calling my girlfriend by her full name instead of the shortened version?
AITA for saying I don't like my future daughter-in-law?
AITA for refusing to pay for my daughter’s college?
AITA for telling my wife that it’s not realistic for her to go to university.
AITA for contesting my estranged father's will to get my share?
AITA for giving my daughters nicknames to match their personalities?
AITA For outing my classmates in a test?
AITA my niece and nephew opened up my medical textbook and got traumatized
WIBTA if I grounded my son even after he broke his leg?
AITA for not letting a couple sit together to watch a movie?
AITA for telling my daughter that I don't have any interest in playing grandfather to her kids?
AITA? I’ve lived in an apartment for almost a year and want to get a cat, despite my roommate’s girlfriend moving in who’s allergic
AITA for criticizing my boyfriends constant marijuana usage
AITA for refusing to watch my niece and nephew when my SIL was in labor?
AITA for making my mom sleep on an air mattress?
AITA for making my parents reveal the truth about, then “sl*t shaming” my(26M) mom about my conception?
AITA For leaving my friends house because she tried to force me to eat vegan?
AITA for hanging up on a client because I couldn’t hear her over her crying kid(s)?
AITA for not letting my children call their stepparent "mom"?
AITA For not telling the couple I slept with about my genetic disability?
AITA for not punishing my daughter how my Ex-Wife wants me to after she snuck out and got into a really bad car accident?
AITA for "ignoring" a child in the grocery store?
WIBTA if I drop my kid's friendship?
AITA for telling my neighbor that I will let my cat out even though it bothers her?
AITA for mocking my brother for getting rejected by his dream college (that I got into) because he keeps tormenting me over it?
AITA For Kicking My Husband Out Over This?
AITA for taking what was owed
AITA for telling my neighbor she did her children a disservice after she called my parenting bad?
AITA for not allowing my girlfriend to pee while on a road trip cause we were on Native land?
AITA for choosing my little brother over my boyfriend and his family
AITA for telling my MIL that me living at home was different because I’m Asian?
AITA for not being forgiving of a home wrecker?
AITA for saying that my baby doesn't look anything like me to my wife and mother?
AITA for lying to my husband’s family about me being infertile?
AITA for not punishing my son "harshly" for the way he handled things with his girlfriend, now ex?
AITA for not being sympathetic to a friend who cheated?
AITA for telling my classmate hes not a polyglot?
AITA for being upset that my “model” is bigger
AITA for screaming at the little girl and her mom who sat on my motorcycle?
AITA for telling my brother (25M) he shouldn't have brought his girlfriend (24F) to my wedding?
WIBTA for reporting a HIPAA violation that could cost my sister her job and her sick daughter her health insurance?
WIBTA for refusing to let my wife use our joint savings to pay for her master's degree?
AITA For Kicking My Husband Out For The Rest Of The Week Because Of What He Said To Our Autistic Child?
WIBTA for no longer paying my parents money to look after my daughter?
AITA For cancelling my sons birthday after finding him smoking?
AITA for laughing for my friend who was cheated on by her boyfriend.
AITA for smoking in my house around a pregnant woman?
AITA for reporting our neighbors after their daughter tried to get into my house
AITA For not siding with wife after she took my daughter's diary?
AITA for wanting our new house to be in my name only instead of mine and husband’s name?
AITA For asking my baby mama to pay for a new Xbox that my kid broke?
AITA for not sharing my lottery winnings with my sister after using "her" numbers?
AITA for being uncomfortable when my girlfriend wears thong bikinis in public?
AITA for leaving the house to clear my head because my girlfriend called me an ableist?
AITA for demanding my husband stand up to his mother?
AITA for calling out my younger sisters jealousy about me looking younger than her
AITA for asking my daughter to remove the nanny cams in her home while I babysit?
AITA for telling my husband that my inheritance is mine to do what I want with it
AITA for requiring my daughter to agree to remove her facial tattoos before she moves back into the house?
AITA for being mad at my husband for saving my life?
WIBTA if I told my father in law & brother in law that they ruined my pregnancy announcement and will no longer be sharing updates with them?
WIBTA for asking my Fiancé for a redo proposal because I hate the story and ring?
AITA for reacting on a thing I knew I would react upon, even letting my gf and her friends know how I would react? And yet, my gf seems to think I overreacted on the accidental gender reveal that I've stated VERY clear, I - DO - NOT - WANT - TO - KNOW.
AITA for asking my SO not to use the bathroom at a certain time?
AITA for taking "drugs" in front of my friends mother?
AITA for calling out a girl who was acting like a hoe during dinner at a restaurant?
WIBTA if I searched engagement rings on my boyfriends phone so they would pop up on his social media ads/entice him to propose with a ring that I like
AITA for screaming at my 'transgender' cousin for taking my 'womanly' stuff?
AITA for calling out my friend for having plastic surgery done (making her cry) when she tried to lecture me about my skin when we were at the beach without an umbrella?
WIBTA for placing a parental lock on my network because my brother won't keep quiet?
AITA for making my wife leave private conversation and not telling her what was said?
AITA for not inviting my daughter to a family gathering?
AITA For Telling My Daughter to Hide Her Period?
AITA For faking my animal allergy for years?
AITA for telling my son, explicitly, that I do not support his future career endeavor, and that he needs to get serious with what he wants to do?
AITA for giving my wife’s ring to my stepdaughter?
AITA for making my brother’s girlfriend feel unwelcome after she broke a highly sentimental bracelet of mine?
AITA for telling my 19yo that I don't care that he has to work to help my ex out?
AITA for not pretending that I like my daughter's tattoo?
AITA (Am I The Asshole) for getting mad at my wife for a collage fund for my stepdaughter that I had no idea about.
AITA for making my daughter apologize to her stepsister, though my stepdaughter is not very nice?
AITA for telling my toddler that I will call the monster?
AITA for losing it when my husband scattered our son's ashes?
AITA for showing my BIL his wife's before plastic surgery pictures?
AITA for brushing my teeth and shaving in the bathroom while my roommate's girlfriend was sleeping naked in the bathtub?
AITA for moving my boyfriend's sister into my house despite my boyfriend saying no?
AITA for ditching my autistic cousin on a hike?
AITA for telling my daughter the only person to blame for her constant weight gain is herself?
AITA for refusing to support my younger sister through college when it’s our fault she doesn’t have a college fund?
WIBTA if I evict my brother-in-law’s pregnant mistress?
AITA for ordering my boyfriend silk sheets
Aita for not wanting my stepdaughter to live with me anymore
WIBTA if I told my female employee to dress nice and wear makeup?
AITA for not celebrating my girlfriends birthday because she recently made some really ugly comments towards me?
AITA for ruining my wife’s birthday trip by insisting either our son comes or no one goes?
AITA for telling my wife that she is lazy and that she needs to do more chores around the house?
AITA for getting secretly married?
AITA for refusing to lie about my husband having a favorite child?
AITA for deleting my “Idiots Guide” after a misunderstanding
AITA for telling my deceased sister’s ex-BF that he can’t see his son who I adopted?
WIBTA if I let my teenage daughter’s friend become homeless?
AITA for getting angry at MIL for having a very adult conversation with my daughter?
AITA for walking out of an “intervention”?
AITA for prioritising my child over my husband's?
AITA for saying “Your Welcome” sarcastically after an un-thanked door hold?
AITA for yelling at my girlfriend in the middle of a restaurant?
AITA for calling my ex wife to come get my daughter?
AITA for outing my sister as gay and ruining her life
AITA for destroying a “family” computer
AITA I'm vegan. A friend who's required to self-isolate asked me to buy non-vegan food. I said no and offered vegan food instead. She said no. Am I the asshole?
AITA for calling my wife a loon
AITA for not telling my girlfriend I speak Russian (her native language)?
AITA for writing a sweet message to my wife on the bathroom mirror in lipstick?
AITA for telling my friend's wife what his Magic The Gathering collection is worth?
AITA for telling my sister's friend "that is one way to look at being a teen mom" when she bragged about how she and her mom looked like sisters and implied that our mom looked old? And that people of her race aged better?
AITA for banning my sister (13f) from using my Nintendo Switch?
AITA for getting mad at my wife for having a secret savings account?
AITA for not wanting to hide in the bedroom while my boyfriend hung out with his dead wife's family?
AITA for not allowing my father's now deceased wife to be buried with my parents?
AITA for "going missing" after my crush and best friend started dating?
AITA for haggling the price for my friend's animation commission? The friend agreed to lower the price but now other friends are calling me an asshole.
AITA for taking my daughter to get piercings?
AITA for yelling at my sister's boyfriend causing them to break up?
AITA - I asked my roommate to watch TV in her bedroom so I could use the living room TV
AITA for telling my sister not to wear a certain dress at my wedding?
AITA for leaving a negative review for a lawyer after he threw me under the bus?
AITA for betting on my cousin and his wife to divorce within one year on their wedding day?
AITA? Ex drags me through 2 years of court and 10k...so I’ll stick to the plan.
AITA for asking to get paid the same amount as everyone in the office going golfing?
WIBTA for basically ignoring my neighbor's warning about my husband's and my pool-side activities in our own backyard?
AITA for telling my gf to cover up if she wants to come to my formal party or don't come at all.
AITA For reacting positively to an office prank?
AITA for only sending one of my two sons to private school when we could’ve afforded to send them both?
AITA for indoctrinating my son into tenets of the satanic temple as a joke?
AITA for constantly lying to my father to suck as much money out of him as possible?
AITA for me (M31) telling my girlfriend (F29) to shave her legs?
AITA for chewing out a stranger's kid for calling me a slur?
AITA for being grossed out by my parents' sex jokes?
AITA for being mad at my husband for giving me exactly what I've been wanting for years?
AITA My BIL got married on my 5 yr anniversary and now SIL is mad at me about a picture
AITA for demanding money or gifts from my parents if they want any contact with me?
Aita for refusing to cook less spicy food for my sister?
AITA for asking my husband to return my anniversary gift?
AITA for serving my daughter “wet ass pizza?”
AITA For dying my hair a color my sister wanted to dye her hair?
AITA for misleading a date about when my fiancee passed away?
AITA for choosing to hire a man over an 'equally qualified' woman?
AITA For yelling at my brother for trying to take pics of girls secretly?
AITA for telling my husband I don’t want his son in our house
AITA for forcing my stepfather to call me "sir" or "Mr.lastname" since he works for me and I require my other employees to do it?
AITA? I adopted the dog my neighbors abandoned and the rest of the neighborhood hates them now.
AITA for not opening the door for my housemate and letting her spend the night outside?
AITA for asking that my stepdaughters share a bedroom so we can turn the extra room into a nursery?
WIBTA for not attending my best friend's gay wedding because of my inheritance?
AITA for saying that I would report my colleague for foul language instead of helping her reporting another person for harassment?
AITA for telling someone that losing a pet is equivalent to losing a family member.
AITA for telling my wife that the reason why none of our friends want to talk to her anymore is because she's become boring since having kids?
AITA for how i reacted to my girlfriend not paying the light bill?
WIBTA if I didn’t attend my sister’s wedding to spite my parents?
AITA for asking my SO not to apply for an acting role because it will Possibly hurt my chances for a promotion.
AITA for prohibiting my mother from seeing my child because shes tricked him into thinking she's his mom?
WIBTA if I excluded my oldest child from any inheritance at all?
AITA for "forcing" my veganism on my family
AITA for creating a meat-eaters-only club at work?
AITA for not apologising to my wife?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I am not interested in her critique of my culture?
AITA for starting a family feud?
AITA for telling my sister she was asking for it?
AITA for requiring prospective students to have a 700 minimum SAT Score to be in my AP-Calculus & Physics tutoring sessions?
AITA for calling out a female friend for saying she is only against having children because she is 38 and wasn't able to find a guy? After she tried to make my pregnant sister feel bad for having a second kid?
Aita for refusing to go to HR with my coworker about a comment another employee made off the clock?
AITA for asking my boyfriend if he wants to fuck his mom?
AITA for giving the family heirloom to my stepdaughter?
AITA for "not caring" that my baby cousin died?
AITA for not reaching out to my ex-girlfriend and children after 14 years? (long post up ahead)
AITA for being upset at my parents for not helping me pay for college?
AITA for requesting proof when people use handi-capped parking?
AITA for not telling my wife thank you for giving birth to our daughter?
AITA For stealing the contents of a package that my mother hid from me, and replacing them with decks of cards and wood blocks?
AITA For using my wife's argument against her when it comes to our child
AITA for naming my daughter a “black” name if she and I are both white?
AITA refusing to use the word "pregnant" when I tell people my wife is going to have a baby or talk about her time carrying the baby?
AITA for fat shaming my daughter by telling her that she is two heavy to use the trampoline
WIBTA if I made everyone bring food that I can also eat to my wedding?
AITA for kicking my pregnant girlfriend out of the shower?
AITA for giving my stepdaughter the stipulation of going on birth control in order to live with us?
AITA for telling my sister and BIL "told ya so" for being dumb parents?
AITA for getting touchy with my doctor about doing a pregnancy test?
Aita for freaking out over my niece breaking a sentimental mug
AITA for selling of my "gf" stress reliever my girlfriend is mad at me and says I am making her more depressed
AITA for super glueing a note to a car parked in a handicap spot?
WIBTA If I exclude my husband from the birth of our 6th child?
AITA for getting upset and yelling at my fiancé for having a stripper at her bachelorette party?
AITA I refused a boy grilled chicken when he did not say "please" and he hurt himself trying to take it with bare hands
AITA for dying my hair pink and not dying it back?
AITA for not letting my daughter go jogging at night?
AITA for not paying for my daughters college?
WIBTA if I didn't pay for my moence life-saving treatment?
AITA for not giving this Big Girl my shirt?
AITA for telling my pregnant friend that she is a messed up woman with daddy issues after she accused me of being a gold digging cougar because I'm dating her husband's son?
WIBTA if I asked my boyfriend to put his dog up for adoption?
AITA for telling my brother he can’t have sex ?
AITA for not wanting my mother to have another child?
AITA for not talking to a friend for sleeping with my sister?
AITA for crying over my SIL naming her cat my would be babies name?
AITA for being upset that our baby was a girl when we were told otherwise?
AITA for making passive aggressive comments about my dad’s infidelity?
AITA for not accepting food as payment for the debt I'm owed?
AITA for buying a car for my daughter from her college fund?
AITA for being "grumpy" that my girlfriend made me get up early and making our trip "not fun"?
AITA for telling my nephew that he doesn't need to go to college to be successful
AITA for calling my wife’s culture “antiquated bulls**t”?
AITA for insisting my girlfriend pays the bill for the plumber after she flushed a tampon down the toilet?
Aita for giving a friend a “how to live with a huge penis” book
AITA for telling my sister I don't pity her after she lost two of her toe fingers?
AITA for asking my boyfriend the same offensive question he asked me?
AITA for confiscating my wife's debit and credit cards.
AITA for giving away my daughter's dog without telling her (did give her loads of warnings though)
AITA for reminding my mother about her affair when she tells me not to take what's not mine?
aita for blowing up at my gf/banning her friend from our house after her friend's daughter painted my gaming keyboard?
AITA for telling my brother that my niece not knowing things isn’t cute?
AITA for splitting money my youngest got with her older sister?
AITA for kicking my wife and her daughter out of my house?
AITA for picking up my daughter from her father’s after he refused to let me meet his girlfriend
AITA for not bringing a gift for the wedding?
AITA for sending my shithead neckbeard nephew to a military school in Kazakhstan?
AITA for stopping my kid from buying a PlayStation?
AITA for yelling at my gay roommate's sexual comments?
AITA for refusing to trade my sports car for something more "family friendly" after my wife is unexpectedly pregnant?
AITA for suing my friends?
AITA for telling my wife’s friend she is too old and ugly after she repeatedly asked my 19-year-old son to take off his shirt? He was getting uncomfortable.
AITA for losing my shit when my parents decided to get a dog after I moved out?
AITA for cursing out my cousin who almost got me killed?
AITA For telling my cousin that her kids are not special.
AITA for grounding my son for this(taking his phone, no parties/going out with friends)
WIBTA if I tricked my roommate into drinking milk?
AITA for asking my Dad not sell his restaurant to a chick-fil-A out of respect for me being gay?
AITA For "Turning My Niece Vegan" ?
AITA for being angry with my parents for withholding my grandma’s money from me until I was 21?
AITA For refusing to let another man adopt my daughter.
AITA for not wanting to be in my “son’s” life anymore?
AITA for not expecting to pay for myself when invited to brunch?
AITA for calling my mom a whore?
AITA for refusing to apologise for what I privately told my friend about my husband's friend?
AITA for “calling my wife and her friend losers.”
AITA for saying standing next to my friend makes me feel skinnier by comparison?
AITA for telling my neighbors not to try to "parent" my daughter especially since their daughter is a single teen mom?
AITA for preventing my daughter from getting a new phone/allowance?
AITA for arguing with my cousin who’s having a baby with my brother, (yea they’re related)
AITA for dying my 10yo daughter's hair and piercing her ears again?
WIBTA if I don't tell my son in law that his child may not be his?
AITA for refusing to let my ex go back to her home country unless I get our daughter for 6months of the year?
Aita for how I reacted to my cousin coming out
AITA for taking my son to the gym?
AITA for telling my girlfriend her clown makeup is embarrassing?
AITA for telling my daughter the truth about my relationship with her late mother (she cheated multiple times) after my daughter said she wants a relationship with her future spouse like we had.
AITA for “leaving” my wife and kids after she locked the door on me?
AITA for refusing to pay for my sister's wedding dress even though I promised?
AITA for getting angry with my wife for waking me up early on my birthday?
AITA for not wanting my SO’s ex’s dad to walk her down the aisle?
AITA for caring about facebook relationship status?
AITA for putting mushrooms in my carbonara?
AITA for not helping my SIL out because she made my clit bleed
WIBTA if I offered my wife's ex the $30k he needs only if he gave up his parental rights?
AITA for asking for a new engagement ring after he gave a large sum of money to his ex and her family?
AITA for rehoming our dog?
AITA Because I won’t hand-make my sister a wedding gift when I did for the rest of my siblings?
AITA for telling my (22M) gf (19F) to dress modestly??
AITA for putting my foot down with my MIL regarding MY child?
AITA for teasing my son and in return he said a hurtful comment?
AITA for telling my gay sister she's just as bad as homophobic people?
AITA girlfriend wants to make mealplans but the food isnt the best
AITA for being mad that my husband is accusing me of gaslighting him when I don't think I did
AITA for not tagging a model I collaborated with in my Instagram photos?
AITA for going back on my word when my child disrespects my husband?
AITA for slapping down a Marie’s Calendar Frozen meal after my picky husband deliberately threw away my homemade pasta?
AITA for not adding my wife to my family's group chat and refusing to leave it after we took a vote and not everyone voted to include her?
WIBTA if I had coconut cake for my birthday, despite my MIL’S allergy?
AITA for calling my sister a disgusting bitch after she tried using my restroom
AITA for not switching seats with a mother on an airplane, then ignoring her children?
AITA for refusing to turn my hobby room into a nursery for my baby?
AITA for telling my sister I didn't care about her miscarriage?
AITA for refusing to drive my sister to hospital after she broke her wrist?
AITA for “mansplaining” what a vagina is to my fianceé?
WIBTA for not letting my ex meet our daughter?
AITA for using the term “fellas” to refer to a group of people of various genders?
Aita after telling my mom she needs to find a new place to stay after she messed with my Adderall?
AITA for telling my son to not be a loser like his mother?
AITA for putting my toddler sister to bed without dinner after she refused to eat?
AITA for still being angry about spending my birthday at the hospital a year later?
AITA for what happened with my daughter?
AITA for rescinding an offer to pay for my nephew’s college?
AITA For Not Telling My Fiance We Have A Daughter?
AITA for telling my girlfriend that being depressed is not an excuse for being lazy?
AITA for buying my son a car but not my daughter?
WIBTA if I forced my daughter to split her trust fund with her brother?
Aita for giving away my husband dog
AITA for not helping my husband babysit?
AITA for calling the police when my stepson came over with his baby?
AITA for not wanting to split my boyfriend's mortgage payments?
AITA for "stealing the name of my sister's dead baby"?
AITA for complaining that my wife cries when we have arguments.
AITA for dropping off TOO many groceries?
AITA for framing a few photos of my ex.
AITA for not going to my grandson's first birthday?
AITA For taking away my teenage daughter's laptop after yelling in my face?
AITA for not wanting to compromise that I won't crack my back over the armrest of our new couch?
AITA for having a bowel movement when we had company over?
AITA for refusing to talk to my unborn child through my wife's stomach or rub her belly?
WIBTA for calling the cops on my mom, potentially getting her deported?
WIBTA for requesting a diamond engagement ring of a certain weight?
AITA for cancelling my Amazon Prime account cause my brother and SIL were using it too much?
AITA for shaming my son and DIL on the internet after they named their baby after me?
AITA for braking the car suddenly, to teach my SIL a lesson?
AITA for calling my BIL disgusting when he gets pissed that I changed my niece's diapers?
AITA for not forgiving my husband for a "mistake" he made a decade ago?
AITA for making my kids get out of bed by 8a during the summer?
AITA for calling out my sister's friend for having botox and lip fillers after she called me creepy for finding a Tik Tok Celebrity attractive?
AITA for leaving my one month old baby with my husband and not returning for hours?
AITA when I (25M) told my dad (63M) that I'm not his retirement plan and that he should have find a way for his own retirement
AITA for favoring my maternal grandchildren over my paternal grandchildren?
AITA for calling out my sister in law for only having big boobs because she is fat
AITA for telling my son he can never bring his girlfriend to our house again?
AITA for not telling my husband (or anyone) that I had a child once?
AITA for not saying anything about the underwear?
AITA for telling my kids they need to start figuring out holidays on their own?
AITA for not adopting my wife's child?
AITA for not wanting to compromise with my GF on what dog breed we get together, and then saying we aren't "Mature" enough for a dog since we can't agree?
AITA for telling my daughter to stop bugging me after I never refurbished my life insurance policy?
AITA for not offering a family heirloom ring to the daughter who got married first?
AITA for reaching out to the (birth) father of my twin daughters in the wake of my divorce and custody battle with my husband (who is on the birth certificate)?
AITA for being upset my wife didn’t make me a quesadilla?
AITA for calling my wife a do nothing bitch when I do EVERYTHING in the house?
AITA for not letting the neighbor's kids see the cat I adopted from their family?
AITA for getting mad at my girlfriend for calling out a “sexist” family tradition?
AITA for asking the check to be split after my date was rude?
AITA for going out and getting the same job as my husband to show him that it's not that hard? WIBTA if I fail?
AITA for refusing to babysit my grandchildren and potentially costing DIL a job?
AITA because I do not want to "Mom" my partner's daughter (a thing we agreed to in advance).
AITA for hiring a private investigator to check into our nanny?
AITA for listening to music in my own backyard?
AITA for leaving our daughter alone with my MIL who used to bully my wife?
AITA for telling my son's girlfriend that she is stupid?
AITA for giving more money to my child with grandkids than my other child?
AITA for telling my girlfriend that she's not trying to make a connection with my children?
AITA for having a homophobic slur in my background despite being gay?
AITA for requesting that people do not order meat for my birthday dinner out?
AITA for refusing to help my wife with her student loan debt after she gave money to a Youtuber?
AITA for posting screenshots of future sister in law's comments on twitter?
AITA for taking baby food from a pantry for myself as an adult [34F]?
AITA for not helping my sister bathe when she had surgery
AITA for enforcing an "exercise time" for our kids?
AITA for insisting my husband include our daughter on his "boys trip" camping?
AITA: My wife recently started working again and needs to be up early but likes to goof off late at night so I tried to remind her she needs rest and she got mad at me
Aita for not letting my daughter go on her 18th bday trip (in december)
AITA for refusing to buy my wife a push present?
AITA for telling my friend's girlfriend that just because she has a drinking problem, it doesn't mean that I'm not allowed to drink?
WIBTA if I didn't go to my daughters' weddings?
AITA for telling my fiancé I can’t be in the life of his kid that just showed up?
AITA For not splitting my inheritance with my gay brother.
WIBTA if I don't let my girlfriend park in the garage after she moves in?
AITA for not telling my ex about our son's "accident?"
AITA for calling out my SIL as a “huge fucking moron” in front of our family?
AITA For interacting occasionally with my husband with a stranger sitting between us on a plane?
WIBTA for not helping my daughter who is struggling? We can afford to help but she's treated us terribly.
AITA for posting a tribute status on Facebook regarding my ex girlfriend who recently passed away without telling my current girlfriend first?
AITA for basically telling a woman her baby will die because she’s stupid?
WIBTA if I lied to my mother about why she no longer sees my daughter.
AITA for only giving college money to my brother if he majors in something I approve of?
AITA for wanting my husband to not give so much money to his niece?
AITA for moving out of the country with my son and not telling his mother who is in prison?
AITA for not offering my exhausted and hungry ex husband food and water after he drove our daughter home after a visit? He ended up in the hospital the next day
AITA for giving our daughters different amounts of $ for their weddings?
AITA: I offered to pay for my kids' educations as long as they agreed to my conditions. Now one of my kids owes over 50k and is mad at me.
AITA Not allowing bf to meet up with dying friend
AITA for not paying my daughter her allowance because of her entitlement?
AITA for avoiding someone who is gay?
AITA for yelling at an autistic 13 year old?
AITA for making a heavy looking girl check her weight on a scale?
AITA for publicly shaming my husband for how he treats our son?
AITA for telling my daughters dad to stop kissing her on the lips?
AITA for refusing to pay for my sisters semester at college but paying for her brothers?
AITA for telling my obese friend that she should eat less?
AITA for throwing away things that belonged to my boyfriend's daughter's "dead" mother?
AITA for giving my son’s college money away?
WIBTA if I went on the trip of a lifetime without my daughter?
AITA for telling my girlfriend her irrational fear of me dying is starting to piss me off?
AITA for switching cars on my daughter
AITA for yelling at my boyfriend to “just shut up” when he tried giving me a corporate finance lecture during sex?
AITA for making my daughter listen to me talk to her husband and apologize for raising a cheater like her?
AITA for telling my fiancee she's not the mother of my son?
AITA for making a group in a class redo their final assignment because it was sexist?
AITA for telling my son that I'm not paying for his college if he wants to be a teacher?
WIBTA For telling my friend that guys aren't dating her because she's fat?