New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum November 2020
AITA for making my mom cry when she called my child retarded?
AITA for yelling at my girlfriend because she’s too environmentally friendly?
AITA for asking a priest to stay in his lane
AITA for telling my IL's to fuck off since they don't want to put in the effort?
AITA for telling my sister her top choice baby name was a "stupid ass name" and that she should change it unless she wanted him to get bullied?
AITA for having kicked my DIL out of my Thanksgiving meal after her vegan feast fiasco?
AITA for giving my brothers a much needed sex- ed lesson?
AITA for telling my girlfriend to take the dog she bought for me as a gift with her?
AITA for "ruining the Christmas season" for my family
AITA for going to my mum's house to work from home because my boyfriend won't give me peace and quiet?
AITA for telling my pregnant wife to go fuck herself?
AITA for calling my(27M) ex FWB(25F) a slut after she brought up our history in front of my fiancée(28F)
AITA for not inviting my SIL to my baby shower?
AITA if I don't pay towards my work's Thanksgiving catering cost?
AITA for not granting my parents’ only wish in life?
AITA for not helping my girlfriend cook meals on weekdays because my company provides free meals
AITA for telling my sister to stay out of my life after she learned my son isn’t biologically mine?
AITA for not letting my husband get the dog he wants...ever?
AITA for not stopping stimming when someone said it freaked them out?
AITA for calling my mom disgusting and making her cry?
AITA for telling my sisters my ex said no to a loan when I didn’t even ask him?
AITA for banning my siblings from being around my daughter unless they use her name, which "triggers" them?
AITA for not wearing a wig around my cousin's kids
AITA for not getting up with my husband every morning when he leaves for work?
AITA: For walking out in the middle of thanksgiving dinner after my brother in law announced my sister's pregnancy?
AITA for not sharing equipment at the gym?
AITA for telling my boyfriend to bring back any type of pizza and getting mad he brought home pepperoni
AITA [25F] for not answering work texts/calls on my phone during after hours because my company doesn't pay for my phone bill? I've been told by multiple people (both within and outside of my team) that it's rude because we're all working from home and therefore available.
AITA for telling someone to fuck off?
AITA for doing native beadwork as a white person?
AITA for telling my girlfriend that im not going to listen to her non-doctor medical advice?
AITA for telling my roommate/tenant that her weak arm strength is not an excuse to leave dishes soaking for multiple days?
WIBTA if I kicked my sister out because she’s scaring my children
AITA for not putting my baby in the outfit my mother in law bought for thanksgiving
AITA: For leaving after my fiancè let his sister try on my wedding dress?
AITA for getting frustrated and threatening to step put as a bridesmaid because I would be uncomfortable in the selected dress?
AITA for announcing my pregnancy.
AITA for calling out my grandmother
AITA for avoiding thanksgiving and being unsupportive of my dad’s(53) new girlfriend(25)?
AITA for not inviting my uncle’s girlfriend and her kid to my wedding?
AITA For not punishing my daughter for mocking her cousin?
AITA for making a "share list", and teaching my kids to make one too?
AITA for telling my SIL something my niece said?
AITA for telling my wife that begging my mom for Christmas gifts is cringey?
AITA for writing insulting things in my journal?
AITA: I abruptly left a Thanksgiving family dinner and told my little brother to come with me
AITA for singing loudly over a colleague at work?
AITA for making my white neighbor seem like a racist
AITA for selling my old phone instead of giving it to my daughter after she made fun of her brother?
AITA for pointing out my brother's girlfriend kinda looks like a transgender girl we went to school with?
WIBTA for wanting a low/no present Christmas with my rich family members this year?
AITA for telling my son to start dressing normally when my uncle comes to stay with us?
AITA cause her car got towed?
AITA for telling my SIL that I feel bad for her unborn baby?
AITA for Refusing to Get Married for my Girlfriends Dying Mother?
AITA for being “too honest” about why I don’t drink?
AITA: Depop seller makes a mistake and I refuse to accept the refund.
AITA for questioning my fiancé’s royal we while BBQing today?
AITA for asking my uncle to wear diapers after he peed himself on my car?
AITA for wanting my wife to stop working at home?
AITA For giving my kid a buzzcut?
WIBTA for wearing shoes that could make my brother uncomfortable?
AITA for exposing my brother's lies?
AITA for not wanting my family over anymore?
AITA for throwing away my step-sister's menstrual cups?
AITA for not appreciating my family's birthday 'surprise'?
AITA for calling my wife a bitch when she made comments about my sister’s boyfriend’s eating?
AITA for refusing to FaceTime with my ex so he could talk to our son?
AITA for blocking a car that keeps parking in my space
AITA for refusing to provide different food for my sister and her kids?
AITA for losing my temper and telling my family that I didn’t want to join their cult (Christianity)?
AITA for calling out our Thanksgiving guest because of his rude behavior towards my family’s beliefs?
AITA for doxing a now ex friend?
AITA for not helping my father?
AITA for telling my daughter I won’t let her straighten her hair until she’s at least 16?
AITA for not helping more with Thanksgiving?
AITA for telling my SIL it’s weird to keep her son’s feet dirty?
AITA for using my apartment's ventilation system even though my neighbor constantly complains?
AITA for saying that I'd sell "family heirlooms" if they were given to me?
AITA for keeping my child away from my siblings
AITA for getting my brother banned from watching Pewdiepie
AITA. Birthday idea for my Wife
AITA? Pregnant GF barely wants to talk to me
AITA for leaving my family's Thanksgiving over seating?
AITA for telling my daughter her grades were not good enough
AITA for pressuring my boyfriend to put his dog down?
AITA for trying to refute a $10 extra charge
AITA for telling my daughter that if my wife were to pass, I’d want to go with her too?
WIBTA if I told my sister she’s absolutely NOT coming to my house on Christmas?
AITA For going out my bedroom window at 1AM during a storm to climb over to my neighbour's bedroom to fix his loudly banging window so I could sleep? He was not happy to see me hanging out there, silhouetted against the street lamp. Frankly he made quite an undignified fuss about it.
AITA for being mad at my friend for stealing my baby names?
AITA for napping during the day when I know my snoring bothers my neighbor?
AITA for not wanting my friend in my car?
WIBTA for reporting my tax-evading (ex) boss after he refuses to pay me my owed wages?
AITA for calling my stepmom's sister an attack dog?
AITA for refusing a woman and her child
AITA for changing what a kid I was babysitting ate?
WIBTA if I skipped Christmas over the movie “A Christmas Story”
AITA for going to my friends house to avoid babysitting in the weekend?
AITA I rehomed my brother in law's dogs without his consent
WIBTA if I told my mom the real reason I don’t go to her friend anymore for haircuts?
AITA for telling my daughter that she wasn't 'mourning', that she was just using her mum's death and an excuse to mooch off me?
AITA to think it's weird my boyfriend's female friend ONLY asked him to go wedding dress shopping with her?
AITA for keeping the children books I bought for my nephews when they didn't want/like them?
AITA for not trusting my daughter?
AITA for driving home instead of waiting for animal service to come and get kittens I had found and resulting in them losing the kittens?
AITA for moving out of my dads place the way I did?
AITA roommate wants me to save them alcohol I bought
Aita for Making my vegan daughter spend thanksgiving at home?
AITA For having walked out of Thanksgiving because relatives wouldn't stop joking about my dog?
AITA for not telling my mother that my girlfriend and I are expecting our first child?
AITA for not telling my best friend I started dating someone?
AITA for refusing to take my nephew in after his mother tried to trap me?
AITA for cancelling Thanksgiving plans and then telling my friend enjoy her pity party when she claims she has depression?
WIBTA if I refused to pay my half of rent?
WIBTA if I tell my ex husband we aren't friends?
AITA for being upset about my boyfriend’s complaints about my mom’s home?
AITA for refusing to buy a new doll until my friend's daughter returns the other doll I gave her after my dog destroyed her old one?
Aita for complaining that my sister is getting more for Christmas than me?
AITA for resenting my sister for becoming my “parent”?
AITA for being angry at my friend who is not looking after my dogs properly
AITA for not letting my daughter buy a Macbook?
AITA for being upset that my brother hasn’t helped me financially?
AITA for not telling my friends to stop?
AITA for accepting and using the money my gf's brother lost to me in poker?
AITA for not wanting to be with my mom or dad but instead my sister?
AITA for saying I don't want to talk to my mom about therapy I had as a kid/teenager?
AITA for not wanting to support my SB's financial requests?
AITA for causing my family to panic
AITA for telling my mother she shouldn't expect grandchildren from me?
AITA for not meeting my in-law half way
AITA for not encouraging my girlfriend enough?
AITA for making another child cry?
AITA for quizzing my husband on his knowledge of feminism and sexism?
WIBTA for suggesting to my fiance that his mom cant be around my kids?
AITA for calling out a guy for deliberately making a mess
AITA - buying a house for my mother-in-law
AITA for being mad at my mother after she tried to become a better mom but I still only feel hatred towards her?
AITA for refusing to pay for a girl's coat that my boyfriend accidentally donated?
AITA for not immediately handing over money I don't exactly need to my parents?
AITA for asking my mother to give me a courtesy text that she wouldn't be back in time for the dinner we planned?
AITA for not inviting my uncle and his wife to my wedding?
AITA for openly telling anyone who asks at my school or in public that i’m gay even though it embarrasses my parents?
AITA for kicking my sister out on thanksgiving?
AITA for calling this guy misogynist?
AITA for asking my boyfriend to cut back on eating
AITA for taking money from my family for doing chores?
AITA For Leaving Work on Time Rather Than Stay an Extra Hour
AITA for not getting my sisters coffee?
WIBTA if I went against my neighbors dying wishes?
WIBTA if I ask my ex's bf to stop smoking around my daughter?
AITA for canceling our daylong outing reservation for my sickness?
WIBTA if I tell my best friend he doesn't smell great?
AITA for being “inconsiderate” about my dad's dreams for me?
AITA for yelling at my elderly mother?
AITA for asking my parents to talk quiet while I’m trying to sleep?
AITA for rescinding on a short-term custody agreement after my son's mom?
AITA for sharing good news?
AITA for not wanting to host my little bulimic sister in law for 2 weeks during my 1st semester law school finals?
Aita for having my mom get a bark collar for her dog?
AITA for moving out of a shared flat?
WIBTA if I posted a paper sign on the inside of my front door that reads “LOCK THE FUCKING DOOR” so my roommate learns to comply?
AITA for being mad at my mentally ill wife?
AITA for not liking my mom’s boyfriend?
AITA For Asking my Girlfriends friend for pictures of my girlfriend?
AITA Pet parent tired of my own parent's 'help'
AITA for being late for date night because of my kid?
AITA for resenting my mother
AITA For calling my friend out for comments he makes.
AITA for saying the substitutions my boyfriend's mother wants mean I'm cooking her a different meal to everyone else?
AITA for telling a friend that he's wrong about calling someone awkward?
AITA for asking my cousin to rehome a dog they are keeping at my parent's property?
AITA for getting frustrated with my grandmother during my birthday planning?
AITA for not apologizing to those I’ve hurt, directly or otherwise?
AITA for not wanting my friend to talk to my old crush?
AITA for not attending my 17 year old daughter’s band for the talent show at her school?
AITA for booking a flight to bali without telling my gf.
AITA for not mentioning my ADHD?
WIBTA if I didn’t pay my ex-roommate for our TV
AITA for not leashing my dogs on MY property to accommodate someone who was trespassing?
AITA: complaining about my friend's "banter" being too mean or too edgy.
AITA my mom scamming my grandmother
AITA for using spending time with my brother as punishment for my kids?
AITA for not telling my ex-husband about our son's boyfriend?
AITA for not accepting a job in a building with an asbestos leak
WIBTA if I told my mom I don’t like talking to her.
AITA for asking for telling my friend I dont want to marry my boyfriend of 10 years and her kicking me out of my friends group
AITA for making a dog training centre lose out on money and consider shutting down completely?
AITA for not forgiving my aunt and not caring that she has cancer
WIBTA if I said something to my dad?
AITA for taking my son an extra day or weekend but not letting his dad do the same
AITA for giving my gf too many gifts?
AITA for not visiting my girlfriend despite promising her that I would?
AITA for not wanting my mother to announce my pregnancy before me?
AITA for upsetting my mom on her birthday?
AITA for not wanting to see my sister after she developed an eating disorder?
AITA for giving my brother the hard truth?
AITA: For arguing with my fiancee after she read my late fiancee's dairy?
AITA for being mad at someone who gave up the cat she adopted
AITA for getting upset my father in law included my sons but not my daughters in his will?
AITA for putting litter on the car where it came from?
Aita for pointing out my friend constantly asks for money
AITA for getting mad at my dad for posting an ugly photo of me on social media?
AITA worst birthday ever wife says
AITA for refusing to wear a bra to meet my friend's new boyfriend?
AITA for rejecting cars my mom wants to get me?
AITA for yelling at my drunk bf for pissing on the floor?
AITA for buying a cheap Christmas Present?
AITA for feeling upset over a PC?
AITA for "needing space"?
AITA For ignoring my boyfriend after he chooses video games over anniversary dinner I made?
AITA for not helping my mom clean her house?
AITA for not wanting to paying
AITA bringing kids on date
AITA for not apologizing for forgetting a friend's birthday?
AITA for telling my neighbour's family about his affair after he snitched on me smoking to my family
AITA for telling a dog that big boys don't cry?
AITA for leaving work on time when everyone are else still working?
AITA for not being able to stand my brother.
AITA For sanitizing everything in the house after my cousin left
WIBTA if i refuse a job?
AITA for reporting my brother to the police?
WIBTA if I decided to longer stay overnight at my BF's place?
AITA for wanting to celebrate my birthday?
AITA I deleted my brother’s games and progress off my computer
AITA for saying that a female driver that cut me(22M) off has a “loose roast beef p*ssy ” in front of my girlfriend(21F) and her younger sister(16F) and my younger brother(16M)?
AITA for wanting to be alone?
AITA for asking my partner to be considerate of my sleep?
AITA for confronting my boyfriend about being a “reply guy?”
AITA for insisting my family have a more involved relationship with my kids?
AITA for telling my friend I (24/M) told her so when she (24/F) asks for advice and doesn't take it?
AITA for wanting to go to my christmas work function?
AITA for Not Letting an Older Guy Use the Gym Equipment I Was Wanting
AITA for pointing out to a guy that he seemed to be rather cynical and showed a lot of hatred towards women and relationships in general?
AITA for getting mad when my room mate sleeps on the couch?
WIBTA for bringing someone besides my husband to my ultrasound
AITA for not wanting to spend $80 on a wreath?
AITA: leaving husband at the emergency room
Aita for not meeting up with my friends?
AITA for how I responded to my son (22) not receiving the funding he wanted for graduate school?
AITA for dying my hair orange and not caring about the feelings of a classmate?
AITA for telling the truth to my bf?
AITA for telling my parents to stop going through my phone?
AITA? I found out my sister is pretending to be my daughter's mother
AITA for yelling at my seven year old cousin when he was making me uncomfortable
AITA for losing my patience with my SO?
AITA for posting my gym selfies on my dating profiles?
AITA for changing myself and spending time with my friends?
AITA for telling my stepbrother that he's the reason I'm a laughing stock among my friends?
AITA for threatening to call the cops on this woman?
AITA for setting boundaries when I’m mentally ill?
AITA for refusing to help my disabled mil because of my bil?
AITA Mother drama vs. my choices
AITA for making my younger brother pick up the trash he threw into the neighbours yard?
Aita for chewing my mother out about spreading my personal buisness
AITA for letting my daughter get a piercing because her stepmother said no
AITA for not letting my brother use my skateboard
AITA for telling my husband my children come first?
AITA for banning my gf's mom from my house and our wedding?
AITA I'm done with my religious in laws
AITA for calling the police on trespassers
AITA for refusing to drink with my coworkers?
AITA for not buying a gaming PC for my oldest nephew?
AITA for making my family member explain why she is correcting people for not being “culturally appropriate”
AITA "don't waste my water"
AITA Is my dad the asshole if he complains to my neighbours about their dirty, drug addicted son and his friends?
AITA for asking my mom to stop talking about gross things while I’m eating?
AITA for deciding to develop a relationship with my(28M) sister(25F) from an affair against my fiancée’s(30M) wishes?
WIBTA if I would stop getting tutored by this person?
AITA for not changing my last name sooner
AITA for not warning my mum of what I put in my drinks
AITA for getting angry on principle, and egging on a drunk friend to bully an asshole?
AITA - are my husband and I the assholes for not getting my father soda earlier?
WIBTA if I regifted a present my ex gave me last year to the new guy I'm seeing?
AITA for not letting my gf drive my car?
AITA for telling a coworker that I’m not really into black women?
AITA for giving weed to my son?
AITA I broke his phone because he told me to
AITA for not eating with my mom?
AITA for not finishing my dinner
Aita for constantly complaining about the kitchen
AITA for telling my MIL to get rid of her cats?
Aita for Grieving my dad who abandoned me ?
AITA For refusing to pay towards heating?
AITA For Not Paying My Friend Back His Portion Of The Airbnb
AITA for telling my mum it’s not her choice what I do with my child at Christmas?
WIBTA if I got my relative a different present than she wants?
AITA? I told my sister to take her kids and go somewhere else on Thanksgiving day
WIBTA if I came out to my grandparents against my mother's wishes?
AITA for not having a driver's license?
AITA for wanting my sister to be fair?
AITA if I don’t reconcile with my apologetic father?
AITA for asking that a last minute extended DnD session be reduced to it's normal length.
AITA office conflict with dealing with an unprofessional behaviour
AITA date night with in laws edition
AITA for telling my mom I changed my last name?
AITA for Snitching on my (23F) brother (22m) for throwing a party?
WIBTA if I confronted my new neighbors about their noise on the property line?
AITA for yelling at my mom for being insensitive?
AITA for not letting my niece on my PS4?
AITA for Wanting My Partner to Appreciate My Efforts
AITA for criticising my friend's gameplay?
Aita for making a financial contract and giving it to my mom?
WIBTA if I confronted my sitter for a suspected “invasion of privacy”?
AITA for following the divorce decree with my daughter tonight?
WIBTA for telling my friend she's out of line?
WIBTA Don't lend money
AITA for not talking to my 18 year old daughter for leaving the house without telling me?
AITA For publicly emasculating my husband.
AITA for stealing a bunch of stuff from my grandparents?
AITA for being upset with my friends?
WIBTA to be the neighborhood Grinch and ruin Christmas?
AITA for rewarding my child for breacking rules
AITA for “forcing” a girl out of our friend group?
AITA for telling a friend’s mom that she’s TA for creating rules for Santa and trying to enforce them?
AITA for changing my mind about coming home to my family early?
AITA for asking my gf todo more around the house while she's out of work.
AITA for making my friend cry and giving her an “ultimatum”
AITA for wearing a wig at work?
AITA for fighting with my dad over my grandmother?
AITA for asking if my order has been dispatched yet?
AITA for selling an old item that was gifted to me?
AITA For implementing North Korean law at my wife's work
AITA: mother worryingly read my letters and im not happy about it.
AITA for telling a teacher "my parents would never do that" in response to her parenting methods?
AITA for not pressing my husband to be more ambitious?
AITA for telling my friend he might have autism?
AITA For getting into an argument with my friends over strange quirk I have
AITA for not accepting someone’s apology after they accused me of being ‘racist’ online?
AITA for saying no to my SIL?
AITA for ex-friending a close friend?
AITA for not wanting to apply to the one college my dad wanted me to and insulting it in the process?
AITA for throwing away a waste basket my sisters gf stained and then wanting her to replace it?
AITA for refusing a pregnant customer washroom access?
AITA For pulling out 10k from our joint account without telling my wife first?
WIBTA if i refuse to participate in secret santa with my family after being directly asked?
AITA for not allowing my brother to park in front of my house or driveway?
AITA for not wanting my girlfriend to go out with her 'friend'?
AITA for telling my best friend to go study English properly?
AITA...I secretly rescued a stray dog
AITA for giving my husband specific rules for a new car?
AITA for texting my sister Happy Thanksgiving?
AITA for outright blaming my roommate for breaking the washing machine?
WIBTA: If M(21) I accept offer as an RA at my uni, while my EX F(21) is currently an RA at same Uni?
WIBTA for quitting the job that I don't like?
AITA for wanting to be alone sometimes?
AITA for wanting to spend Christmas Eve together with my partner without our parents?
AITA: For sending a copyright takedown strike to a guy who used my music without my permission?
AITA for being uncomfortable with my in-laws generosity?
AITA for taking action after someone threatened me and my dog?
AITA for absolutely hating having my photo taken?
AITA for being mad my dad ate my cake?
WIBTA if I didn't disown my dad?
AITA for causing a scene?
AITA for asking my cousin to pay me for my transportation to babysit her son?
AITA- My coworker threatened to tell the company I worked for that I was arriving about 10 to 15 minutes late half the time, I then reported him to his job's HR department for sleeping through his overnight shift every night.
AITA For anonymously reporting my fiancee to her hospital?
WIBTA if I kicked a player out for cancelling to play another game?
AITA for refusing to complain about our neighbours?
WIBTA if I go practically no contact with my brother
AITA for Starting Drama in my Friend Group?
AITA for making my parents separate?
AITA for feeling uncomfortable for being asked by my brother to remove my T-shirt while in the dining room because I was sweaty?
AITA for avoiding my friends to protect them?
AITA for wanting to kick out the girl I was trying to help?
AITA for not opening the door for my mom?
AITA for talking about sex in the group chat?
AITA for walking out on cleanup after dinner?
AITA for wanting credit for giving a gift I didn’t make?
AITA for getting mad that my guy friends are attracted to me?
AITA for not wanting to hug and kiss my mom?
AITA for leaving my in-laws thanksgiving before the food was all on the table?
AITA: Lose feelings due to lack of ambition
WIBTA if I asked my brother and sis to tell my niece to call me "Uncle"
AITA for asking my mil not to remind me every 20 minutes?
WIBTA if I didn’t go to my sibling’s wedding?
WIBTA if I slow faded a sick friend?
AITA for buying a new bed?
AITA for implying that my much older sister is childish.
AITA for being upset about how things played out?
WIBTA if I didn't give my stepson his own room?
AITA for avoiding a friend with a lot of emotional issues?
AITA for hating my husbands gaming habits
AITA for holding a surprise “game show” to see who I invite to my wedding?
AITA? Neighbor let’s himself into my apartment because my husband was being “too loud”
AITA for Ignoring Someone?
AITA For saying “Oh well..” when I heard that my MIL passed away?
AITA for yelling at my friend for being annoying?
AITA for dressing nicer than my siblings at thanksgiving
AITA for trying to renegotiate my rent with my roommates?
AITA for being irritated with my friend for not helping to clean up thanksgiving dinner?
AITA for expecting my family to wake me up?
AITA for spilling softdrink into my gf's bag ?
AITA for yelling at my in laws over what they fed my kids?
AITA for not wanting to visit my grandparents every saturday?
AITA for yawning at a class presentation?
AITA for telling my friend I don't want her to buy me a computer?
WIBTA for suing my boyfriend's job after firing him?
AITA for telling small children who ask about my prosthetic leg that I’m a robot?
AITA for hiding photos of my son from my SO's side of the family?
AITA for responding with certain links to my aunt who doesn't want me playing/streaming video games?
AITA For not agreeing buying a ps5 for over 1k when I spend that same amount for my PC?
AITA for not helping pay for BF's parking ticket?
[UPDATE] AITA for yelling at my brother?
AITA for asking my housemate to compromise on decor?
AITA for being uncomfortable by a family friend's gifts
Aita for hurting my grandmas feelings
WIBTA if I lied that I have a medical condition to get my girlfriend to quit smoking?
WIBTA if I confronted my brother's friend about stealing my underwear
AITA for not telling my girlfriend that I used to play Division 1 basketball
AITA for refusing to cook/clean for my husband’s family?
AITA for telling my daughter she isn't cut out for medicine?
AITA for wanting to keep my friends
AITA for saying my friend looks like man
AITA for telling my girlfriend she is ignorant for commenting on my weight
WIBTA if I told my girlfriend I don't want to help her with her homework?
AITA for showering with my 2m old daughter despite my MIL telling me not to?
WIBTA for going to my ex-girlfriends funeral?
AITA for telling my grandma to not push religion on my child?
AITA for Napping While the Kids Play?
AITA for not doing things my dad asks me to do?
AITA for being pissed my BIL makes more than me?
WIBTA if I get the dog a stocking with the name the whole family (allegedly) agreed upon?
AITA for yelling at my sister and her young friends?
AITA for losing my temper ?
AITA for snitching on my friend for talking smack
AITA for putting my husbands dog outside?
WIBTA if I stopped my daughter's biological father to have her for the weekends until he follows my condition?
AITA for ignoring my best friends?
AITA for not telling my grandfather my grandmother wanted a divorce?
AITA for not washing my butt with soap every time I poop?
AITA for leaving my boyfriends house at 3am?
WIBTA For telling my supervisor about my collegues not letting me handle things after confronting them about it?
AITA for asking for a discount on a friend's plush toys because they are really expensive?
WIBTA if I were to report my college professor to the dean for lack of responsiveness?
AITA for loving every minute with him (gamers addition)
AITA for not wanting to be in a band with my friend?
AITA for telling my friend that his dad isn’t his biological father?
AITA for not letting my sister use car
AITA for sending old photos back to my ex-stepmother?
AITA for going home instead of my coworker
AITA For Not Sharing My Food that I Made and that I Now Want to Share?
AITA for telling my brother to take his ex phone back?
AITA, Insulting my Friend. Mild
AITA for forgetting my key
AITA My mom is jealous that I'm spending too much time at my dad's house, but I'm worried that I may have hurt her feelings and we're both in the wrong.
WIBTA for Using Someone Who Uses Me?
AITA for not telling co-worker's gf about stalker?
AITA for taking a long break?
WIBTA if I don't visit my friend?
AITA for not waking up my BF so he missed his exam?
AITA for not spending time with my little brother?
AITA for telling a grieving dude to stop pinging people on Discord?
AITA for not wanting to report my racist manager to HR?
AITA For asking my mom why she assumed something?
AITA for refusing to help my dad find a doctor?
AITA for not having met my nephew yet
AITA for not wanting to pick out my own Christmas present?
AITA for remaining friends with my sister's ex boyfriend
AITA for buying a shower for Christmas?
AITA My Mother Is Hurt By What She Read in My Messages
WIBTA I don’t want to buy a car for my dad’s gold digging girlfriend. Who’s the asshole here??
AITA for asking my mom to medicate my stepdad.
AITA for telling my daughter to stop being jealous of her siblings?
AITA for telling my son "you're going to have to live like a normal kid now" after he harassed servants in the bahamar?
AITA for snapping at my friend when I came out a third time?
AITA for not answering work emails and calls?
AITA in this roommate conflict?
AITA:Don’t want their baby
AITA for calling out a friend and getting annoyed for not paying back the money they owe me?
AITA for complaining about uni to someone I get better grades than?
AITA for wanting my neighbours to turn their music down and complaining to the housing agency when they don't?
AITA for avoiding my aunt?
AITA for speaking Spanish to my Uber driver in front of my non-Spanish speaking friend?
AITA for being rude to my classmate because I was feeling unappreciated and disrespected?
AITA for blocking these cars?
AITA for wanting therapy?
AITAH Christmas Cash Concern
AITA for standing my ground for once and teaching my sister a lesson?
AITA for giving my ex's girlfriend baby shower gifts
AITA for being pissed at my friend's for not meeting me
AITA For Encouraging My GF to Makeup with her Bigoted Grandmother
WIBTA for proposing near my brother’s birthday?
AITA for getting my brother a "used" present and causing a fight?
AITA for lettjng my cousin paint?
AITA for my reaction to this situation?
AITA for still being hurt over my best friend and I's recent fight?
AITA for disappearing from an old friend?
AITA For not telling my roommate about my butt towel?
AITA/WIBTA If I called a friend out on his BS.
AITA for trying to ask my daughter if she is pregnant due to weight gain
AITA for asking my wife not to see her doctor ex as a patient?
AITA for not wanting my mom to go through my computer?
AITA For chasing geese?
AITA: accidentally used a racial slur
AITA for ditching my boyfriends family on thanksgiving while at their house?
AITA for wanting to euthanize my sick dog?
AITA For wanting space from my parents
AITA for walking out of a small restaurant?
AITA Shared bathroom, door is open, light is still on, is it okay to use?
AITA for telling my dad to stop cutting grass and help me clean inside the house?
AITA For Enforcing a Boundary?
AITA for going to the car when I couldn't get alone time from my wife
AITA for telling my girlfriend how much out dirty house is stressing me out?
AITA for refusing to discuss my (likely much higher) salary with coworkers?
AITA for not wanting to play board games with my parents on holidays anymore, but playing a game with my sister on Zoom?
AITA for wanting to change churches?
AITA for Getting Upset that my Husband Peed in the Litter Box
WIBTA If I didn't downgrade to economy from first class so I can sit with my girlfriend for the flight home?
AITA for getting upset at my grandfather who started an argument
WIBTA if I filed for child support?
AITA for enjoying life
WIBTA if I do Thanksgiving at my boyfriends house so my roommate can't join us?
AITA for not defending my wife when my dad banned us from Christmas?
AITA for pushing a guy's cart away at the store?
AITA for making noise while working out
AITA for protecting myself against false accusations of racism
AITA for not wanting to spend Christmas with my dad
AITA For saying to my Co Workers to just Message me if they want me because I nearly always have headphones on while working in my Office
AITA/AWTA for not comforting our friend during a depressive episode?
AITA: fighting w/ my fiancé about my groomswoman?
AITA for having a panic attack?
AITA for not wanting to double text?
WIBTA if I told my mum she can’t have her hair & makeup done with my wedding party?
WIBTA for asking to use my neighbor's wifi?
AITA for not visiting a dying relative.
AITA for parking in a vacant parking space?
AITA? My mother lost her shit at me over accidently placing a dirty dish inside the dishwasher with clean dishes.
WIBTA if I (19F) my friend (19F) to pay me for her bday present
AITA for being irritated about a secret family Thanksgiving gathering?
AITA for not apologizing for my grandfather’s war crimes?
AITA for refusing to give my brother my kidney (and for being rude about it)?
AITA washcloth controversy
AITA for keeping my dead husband's name even though it makes my bf uncomfortable?
AITA for having a problem with my cousin
WIBTA if I lied about a Christmas present?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for buying an entire turkey when it's just two of us eating this year?
AITA for letting an ex housemate's bike get stolen?
AITA? Thanksgiving Drama. Mom (56) is disappointed at me (M25) and thinks I ruined thanksgiving.
AITA for not wanting to carry on my family's work/legacy?
WIBTA for backing out of a job?
AITA for being upset because I wasn't invited to my boyfriend's Thanksgiving with his family?
AITA for snapping at my friend and bringing up my lack of faith in god?
AITA for telling my daughter that I am tired of coming home to her unhappiness every day?
AITA for policing my own diet at thanksgiving?
AITA for not allowing my son to wear his fake army uniform when he visits?
AITA for refusing to meet my friend alone because of past bad experiences
AITA for telling mom to stfu and that I will not be spending any more time with her?
AITA for leaving when my friend said I was over dramatic?
AITA for blowing up at my drummer, calling him an asshole, and quitting our band?
AITA For still feeling sad about my teacher asking if I have autism?
AITA? For getting angry and flighting with my husband over something “so petty”
WIBTA if I change my last name to my mom's last name
AITA for telling my parents I don't want anything for Christmas?
AITA for refusing family therapy?
WIBTA if I didn't spend a lot on christmas presents?
AITA for not asking my friend if he was okay
AITA for hiding my Husbands Pc/headset until he goes to therapy
AITA for giving my classmate wrong info about a test?
AITA for not telling my coworkers why I don’t want work friends?
WIBTAH if I told my "neighbor" he isn't allowed to live where he is
AITA for taking a different position in the company I work for?
AITA? I went off of my mom because we agreed to put our dog down at home. She took her to the vet yesterday without telling me until afterwards
AITA for threatening my roommate with eviction to get her to go to her therapist?
AITA for being lax about manners?
AITA for not letting my sisters ex come to family Christmas
AITA for wanting my partner to communicate with me about visitors?
AITA for not going to my girlfriend’s family’s house for thanksgiving because of allergies?
AITA: Yelled at my kid for repeatedly misgendering a person
AITA for burning all my grandmother's clothers?
AITA for putting my foot down and telling my friend he can't be a part homeowner?
AITA For not driving my BFs family to Thanksgiving?
AITA for Being Inactive/Lazy on a Trip I Didn’t Want to Go On?
AITA for not playing Fortnite with my friends?
AITA for trying not to get ran over by a car?
AITA for giving one nephew an early Xmas gift but not the others?
WIBTA if we made a deal with my SOs Kid she can have the phone she wants but no presents until Xmas 2021
AITA for telling my daughter that she threw away all her hard work when she ate a cookie after a run?
AITA for keeping my ex husband's last name after I was asked to change it?
AITA for giving a game piece to my step-dad instead of my mom and causing the resulting fall-out?
WIBTA if I didn't share the electricity payback with my flatmates?
AITA for blowing up?
AITA for not using correct pronouns?
AITA Mom gets angry because I asked her not to stare at me so much.
AITA for kicking out my parents because their beliefs made me uncomfortable?
AITA For not helping my room mate get a job with me?
AITA for not wanting to be around my best friend's mother anymore?
AITA for bringing my brother to my in-laws thanksgiving party?
AITA for leaving to preserve my mental health?
AITA for jokingly encouraging my little sister to play a cruel prank on her mean cousin?
WIBTA if i didn't go see my dad in the hospital
AITA for not wanting to put up with a spoilt brat?
AITA for refusing to attend the wedding reception of a distant cousin whom I barely know?
AITA for not letting my neighbour know that I'm starting to grill?
AITA for refusing a customer free salad
AITA for roasting a guy who said it’s okay to cry?
AITA for asking my mom to help a woman who fainted?
AITA for refusing to visit my kids who live in Australia?
AITA for denying my parents access to my room while changing?
AITA for being late to thanksgiving dinner?
AITA for saying I feel like I'm in an abusive relationship with my sister?
AITA for yelling at my wife about flower arrangements and over the computer?
AITA For inviting him over for thanksgiving dinner?
AITA Boyfriend spends money on small stuff he doesn't need when we're trying to move out
WIBTA for rejecting the ring my ex's mom gave me after our breakup?
Aita for being a witness to a wedding.
WIBTA for letting my parents think we're closer than we are?
AITA For Confronting My Rude Neighbour?
WIBTA If I Confront My Father About making me Pay For My Own Dinner?
AITA for refusing to take an exam in my mom's room?
WIBTA? I Want to Decorate & Move Furniture Bought by Roommate
AITA for trying to get my (16F) brother (20M) to stop cursing at family events?
AITA for not wanting to see my partner’s dad over Christmas Eve
WIBTA For calling out my friend?
AITA for telling my husband that defending another woman against me is disrespectful?
AITA (M24) for declining to meet my girlfriends (F20) parents?
AITA For telling my husband I was disappointed in him?
AITA for not wanting to exercise with my wife because even though she may be sick?
AITA for telling a kid about my piercings?
AITA for not spending Thanksgiving at MIL's?
Wibta for calling my mom out on how cruel she can be at times
AITA for finding it gross when my girlfriend pooped in her pants?
AITA for not wanting to give my mom a hug
AITA for staying in bed all day?
WIBTA for trying to get my neighbour kicked out?
AITA for not wanting my kids to attend religious services over the last 11 years? AITA for expecting my husband to stand up for me?
AITA for wanting to change my name?
AITA for Throwing away my girlfriends blanket
AITA for reacting the way i did to my colleagues private messages?
AITA for being rude to my colleagues after they commented on my body and eating habits?
WIBTA if I don't go to my grandmothers for Christmas?
AITA - Giving desk away for free, stated that I preferred to give to someone who needs it vs someone who will sell it for profit.
WIBTA if I'd(F20) tell my bf(29) that I'm jealous of his friendship?
AITA for getting Pissed when I found out my boyfriend is using my bank card?
AITA for wearing a specific dress to my boyfriend's parents?
AITA for getting my gf fired from her job and not trying to get her back in?
AITA for taking a day away from my family less than a week after my grandma passed away?New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum December 2020
AITA: For leaving in an Uber after my fiancè caused a scene at the restaurant?
AITA for refusing to help my sister get gifts during Black Friday?
AITA for never telling my parents I had a son that was given up for adoption?
AITA for not wanting to sleep in our bed?
WIBTA if I held my roommates grandma hostage?
AITA or is my coworker creepy?
AITA for not letting my boyfriend move into my new apartment after he made us lose our shared one?
AITA for being cheesed my partner won’t compensate when his choices are literally making me blind?
Update: AITA for telling my sister to stop using the word family like it means something.
AITA for being angry at my relatives for purchasing a headstone and burial plot for my mother behind my back?
AITA for asking my friend to leave after making fun of me for “talking” to my dead dad?
AITA for getting rid of my boyfriend's mechanical keyboard?
WIBTA if I told my coworker to shut up about my personal life?
AITA for not wanting to do a double wedding?
AITA for telling parents to watch their brat when it disturbed my working on the train?
AITA for cutting off my nieces?
AITA for Taking a Video Every time I Go to the Bathroom?
AITA for disinviting my father from my wedding after he attended my ex's wedding?
AITA for being pissed at my mom for saying that I could work an extra day without checking with me first
AITA for telling someone I thought their religion was wrong?
AITA for turning my wedding reception into a big party?
AITA if I don't see my mum at Christmas because of her boyfriend
AITA for making potentially “embarrassing” family genealogy discoveries visible on Ancestry.com?
AITA for not changing my last name after a divorce?
AITA for pointing out that my bf was inconsistently sick?
AITA for not wanting to sleep in the same bed as my girlfriend?
AITA for not letting my stepson stay in my house thus forcing him to be homeless?
AITA for joking that my bed is my most comfy office.
AITA for pouring water over my husband's sleeve after he said it didn't matter that our toddler had an all wet sleeve
AITA for telling my girlfriend's dad's friend to stop complimenting my girlfriend?
AITA because I chose to clip my family tree?
AITA for telling my gf she looks better without makeup?
AITA for telling my brother his idea of family is bullshit?
AITA for going to church with my fiancée when I am not remotely religious?
Aita for not selling our childhood home to my brother.
AITA for not wanting to work at McDonald’s?
AITA for telling a woman off for throwing away too much in gas station garbage?
AITA for telling my husband our Christmas tree tradition is “stupid” and refusing to do it this year?
WIBTA if I told my husband he needs to tell his dad if he baby sits he better be changing diapers?
AITA For commenting on someone’s accent?
AITA for "talking back" to one of my coworkers and making the meeting awkward?
AITA for trying to teach my stepdaughter that she doesn't always have to voice her opinion?
AITA for disinviting my best man from my wedding, because he won't leave his gf's side?
AITA for getting mad at my boyfriend for tickling me?
AITA for telling my fiance that she is too hard on my parents?
AITA for causing my roommates financial hardship when they maxed out a credit card that was in my name?
AITA for telling a person that she can't come to my christmas dinner?
WIBTA If I tell my ex no I don't want to modify the Christmas schedule with our daughter this year?
AITA for being furious about my good friend of 35 years asking out my 22-year-old son?
AITA for not immediately telling my husband why I'm upset?
AITA is it really "our" dog?
AITA for not babysitting my sisters kids?
AITA for telling an insignificant person in my life to keep their opinions to themselves?
AITA for refusing to eat any of the birthday food my sister made?
AITA For cracking a sex joke in my world history class?
AITA for not telling my family I have a biological child?
AITA For not bringing an PS5 and electronics to India for my cousin?
AITA for deciding I won't give any Christmas gifts this year after my mom cancelled a transaction on my card?
WIBTA for taking the PS5 that my mom bought me?
AITA for being disrespectful to my father every time he comments on my weight?
AITA for refusing to work with coworker who threw me under the bus?
AITA for not liking to play video games with my girlfriend?
AITA for not wanting a dog unless it is a shared responsibility?
AITA for telling my friend her boss of 2 years has treated her like crap and now is just trying to come out the good guy?
AITA for ruining a Pastor's Wife's credibility?
WIBTA If I Secretly Move Out?
AITA For not converting to my fiancé's religion?
AITA: For no longer paying cat support to my ex who took our adopted cats after the break up?
AITA for Asking my Tran Son to let me pick his name?
AITA for telling a old lady to stop leaning on my truck.
AITA for refusing to go on holiday with my family?
WIBTA for asking my dad if he can stop using my phone to take in far right sources?
AITA for not wanting my niece to call me "Auntie"?
AITA for being mad at my bf for fact checking everything I say
AITA for yelling at my friend and her bf?
AITA for telling my dad that I, his teenage daughter, can’t be held responsible for his marriage?
AITA for committing a crime to help my little sister?
AITA for mentioning weight loss as a possible solution to someone's problems?
AITA for not letting my sister wear my prom dress after she lost my favourite earrings and won’t replace them?
AITA for "crashing" my friends wedding?
AITA for not wanting to buy Christmas gifts for my husband’s entire family?
AITA for “embarrassing” my sister about her job at Thanksgiving
WIBTA if I moved out of my shared student flat
AITA for taking the potatoes my stepmother had used in another dish and turning them into mashed potatoes?
AITA for wanting to be forgiven for what I said while drunk?
AITA for not wanting to help my older brother now or in the future?
AITA for asking my best friend to hang out sans her child?
AITA for no longer allowing my sisters kids around mine?
WIBTA if I asked my BF to dress differently?
AITA for refusing to talk to my family until they apologized to my son???
AITA for bombarding my HR team for a tuition reimbursement?
AITA for putting my foot down
AITA for dressing nicely
AITA for telling my mom off for her fatshaming?
AITA for making a scene at my niece’s birthday party?
AITA for arguing with an older woman about a handicap parking spot?
WIBTA for giving my teammate a low peer review?
AITA for unplugging Xbox during an argument?
AITA for flushing the toilet?
Aita for not allowing my parents to click pictures of me?
AITA for insisting to leave work on time?
AITA for being upset with a "simple comment" from my aunt?
AITA for telling my mother she should be glad I wasn't a teen mum like my two sisters?
WIBTA for not dropping a case?
AITA for not allowing my daughter to go to Mexico?
AITA For selling the house without my wife's approval?
AITA for saying my ex's kids (my son's half brothers) can stay with me, but him and his wife can't?
AITA for telling my husband I will resent him if he doesn't go to my brothers funeral?
AITA For telling my fiancée she cannot take in her sisters kids?
AITA for continuing to open a window when my roommates daughter starts farting even though it’s cold and not being willing to move out?
AITA for not wanting to talk to my brother because he tried to out me?
AITA for not saving my boyfriend’s nudes?
AITA for asking my boyfriend if he has brushed his teeth?
AITA for insisting on NOT returning the gifts I purchased for my boyfriend?
AITA for being upset at my SIL
AITA for wanting my parents to put effort into learning what I do for a job?
AITA for not considering my father's girlfriend a family?
AITA for not arguing if I know I'm right?
AITA for snapping at my grandfather?
AITA for blocking my toxic aunt?
AITA for not letting my girlfriend copilot the trip?
AITA for sending dad gross pics of my skin?
AITA for wanting a Christmas tree skirt back from my ex?
AITA for trying to explain to my dad that randomly pointing out my acne was rude
WIBTA for skipping my friends birthday party
AITA for letting me girlfriend breakup with me?
AITA for having skis on display behind me in Zoom meetings?
AITA for talking during a total stranger's toast?
AITA for calling my mom a hypocrite?
WIBTA if I asked my step mom to stop calling my unborn child by a nickname I don't particularly like?
AITA For Thinking Family Time Is More Important Than A Strangers TV?
AITA for not forgiving my FIL?
AITA for being upset that my my SO discussed my bowel movement with his colleagues
AITA for doing something which could hurt a family member's future and making him "depressed"?
AITA for accusing a swimming group of xenophobia for reporting two young men to the police?
AITA for refusing to give up my parking spot
AITA for wanting my husband to adopt our son?
AITA for asking my girlfriend to leave me alone to do work for college
AITA for finally going off on my mom?
AITA for not letting my mother(53F) and sister(33F) come see my(27M) newborn daughter
AITA for calling my mother in-law a judgmental AH?
AITA for being hurt that my friends ditched my birthday?
AITA for saying that our baby is actually ours
AITA? Best Friend Baby Snub
AITA for paying my son the same amount as his half siblings even though he isn't nearly as qualified?
Wibta for telling my grandma to stop trying to get me to give her a great grandchild?
AITA for not telling my dad or siblings that is was nearly in a fatal work accident?
AITA for cracking down on my stepdaughter when she did something dangerous?
AITA for telling my daughter that it no longer makes sense for her to be a SAHM?
AITA for assuming a guy was asking me on a date
WIBTA if I make my bf move back to his Mum's house?
Aita for being a fast reader?
WIBTA if I ask my mentally ill wife to get a job -- even though my earnings alone cover our expenses just fine?
AITA for asking my girlfriend to stop sending nudes to girls/guys?
AITA for splashing my girlfriend with water.
AITA for Leaving a 9YO Home Alone for Over an Hour?
AITA for not wanting to be forced to hang out with a kid (M13)
AITA for not wanting to take out my neighbors trash
WIBTA for spending christmas with my moms side of family when this years turn is actually my dads?
AITA For complaining about my brother doing zoom classes from the kitchen?
AITA for telling my mother to get out of the family home before she breaks it?
AITA For not doing what fam wants
Aita for not cleaning up dog poop?
AITA for asking my roommate to take her two cats with her when she goes to stay with her boyfriend or parents for more than a few days?
WIBTA if I set my sister in law straight?
WIBTA if I refused to contribute to our house’s Christmas?
AITA for telling my friend I couldn’t be a therapist to her anymore
AITA for wanting to make a new friend?
AITA for wanting to cut my hair short
AITA for spending more time with my son?
AITA for ruining my Christmas surprise?
AITA for messaging my ex?
AITA for being too busy and telling SIL to leave?
AITA for owning baby clothes even though I don’t have kids?
AITA for being a Karen?
AITA for making my college attending sister I'm responsible for stay with our aunt while I'm at work?
AITA for asking my wife to study less for one day
AITA for turning my half siblings away?
AITA for telling my sister to reimburse me for 1/2 the cost of my wedding from 10 years ago?
AITA for refusing to lose weight despite my moms efforts
AITA for not wanting to stop and chat during my daily walks/jogs/runs?
AITA for refusing to go over my Christmas budget?
WIBTA if I called out my professor for accidentally including the n-word in class and acting like she doesn't take it seriously?
AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to be friends with my siblings?
AITA for having an issue with a co-worker saying "God Bless, and have a good and Blessed day..."?
AITA for asking my neighbor to pick up her dogs poop out of my yard?
AITA for making fun of a kid for having adhd
AITA for telling my roommate that wanting a small dog (<25 lbs) purebred and unfixed or neutered for free is unreasonable and means he shouldn't own a dog?
AITA for expecting more from my girlfriend's son?
WIBTA If I ask my neighbour to move his bike
AITA For telling my mother to not come in the bathroom when I'm getting ready for a shower?
AITA for keeping my kids from their grandparents and potentially their father?
AITA for not wanting to be in a child's life that I gave birth to?
AITA for hanging up on my sister and ruining our planned visit today?
AITA my parents are locking all the food away because they think I'm fat
AITA For telling my girlfriend to not let her brother touch her feet?
AITA for being upset about my mom posting a picture of me and my ex boyfriend without my permission?
WIBTA if I tell my fiance I won't marry him if he has a bachelor party?
AITA for creating a second group chat excluding a dude & his autistic brother?
WIBTA if I(30F) refuse to pay for weed as my BF(30M) is smoking it all and not leaving me any?
AIta for not wanting to live with my mom?
AITA: I waited to until after a little vacation to tell my girlfriend that my ex gave birth to my son (she knew she was pregnant). AITA?
AITA For taking my crush's side over my friend?
WIBTA for stopping my older brother from playing on the ps4?
AITA for telling my friend he could contribute to thanksgiving if he wanted to but there was no pressure.
AITA for wanting to wait before I baptize my children?
AITA for preventing my bf from getting a new car?
AITA For trying to convince my mum to start taking her antidepressants again?
AITA to withdrawn with honor?
AITA for referring to my male friends as gorgeous?
AITA for not kicking out my nephew to let my sister move in?
AITA for buying a car I like?
AITA for my mother buying me a better crib
WIBTA if I asked my roommate to stop using my art supplies?
WIBTA if I ask my roommate to come home early to take care of her cats?
AITA for not making happiness a choice like my boss wanted
AITA for telling my boyfriend not to call me certain nicknames
AITA for telling my friend (international student) for telling him that you shouldn’t come to the US to study if you don’t have the money to spend for your education?
AITA for changing my boyfriend's restaurant order?
AITA for scolding my aunt about her kids
WIBTA if I return the gifts I bought for my parents and gave them nothing?
AITA: Fiancees sister wants to do a secret santa, and my Fiancee and I have backed out
WIBTA if i tell my boyfriend he shouldn’t do something because he will be ridiculed for it
AITA for asking my mom what I could do to help out?
WIBTA If I block someone in with my car?
AITA for not wanting my little cousins to come over?
AITA For confronting my old bully in front of his kids
AITA for keeping on disrespecting an former unknown Christmas tradition?
AITA for not letting mine (M20) and my boyfriend's (M21) cat sleep with us?
AITA for calling my FIL a hypocrite?
AITA for not checking in with my gf before I went to pick up food?
AITA for having my gf over?
AITA for telling my sister that if she doesn't trust her husband to watch their kids then she has bigger problems at hand?
AITA for not willing to buy a game for my sister even if I have enough money
AITA for “demanding” money from a friend who owed me the money for 2 years
AITA for telling my step brother to shut up after he cussed at my mom?
AITA for getting caught up in my own problems?
WIBTA - Sister’s Christmas Gift - Maid Service
AITA for "emasculating" my husband by complimenting his brother's new house?
AITA for stopping speaking to my friends
AITA for avoiding my roommate?
AITA for only buying Christmas gifts for one of my kids?
AITA for making a rude meme out of my uncle?
WIBTA for waking my parents up
AITA for ignoring my ex-bestfriend ?
WIBTA if I called my mom and told her "I told you so."
AITA for telling my sister-in-law she has major insecurity issues in front of a group of people?
AITA for telling them the story backwards
AITA for talking and asking for help?
AITA for being frustrated with how my friend is dealing with his crush?
AITA for telling my girlfriend she's a burden and needs to get her life together?
Aita for not getting my bf the game he wants for xmas?
AITA for not opening up to my former best friend?
AITA for getting mad about my boyfriends “Guy nights”?
AITA for offering to take in my partner's godchild/halfsister, but not her younger sister?
AITA for putting kids on blast on social media to find their parents after they tried to steal
AITA for telling my gf I don’t want to go on her family trip if she doesn’t want me there the whole time?
AITA for coming after a friend for not paying me?
AITA for "cutting out" two people from a university group project?
AITA for not taking care of my sick grandmother?
Aita for talking to my dad for money?
WIBTA if I contacted my “bio” dads wife asking her to get him to check his facebook messages?
AITA for telling my girlfriend to stop taking her anger out on her mother towards me?
AITA I told my father in law to not spit/blow his nose into kitchen sink.
AITA for enforcing a strict week day routine?
AITA for telling my wife I'm sick of her restrictive diet and want her to loosen up and eat a fucking burger now and then?
AITA for falling out with my housemate for refusing to pay utility bills because she doesn’t “live” here?
AITA for having my partner over even though she makes my roommate uncomfy?
AITA for not agreeing to take care of my roommate’s cats?
AITA for wanting to shave my head?
AITA for not letting my friend into my home during a heavy storm?
AITA for not lending my younger sister money for our other sister’s birthday
AITA for wanting to get a tattoo that’s apparently ‘cultural appropriation’ even though it looks pretty?
AITA For Not Wanting To Cook for My In-Laws Anymore?
AITA for being mad that my boyfriend wouldn't turn the heat on?
AITA For wanting a part of the truck i payed for back?
AITA for "ruining my mom's fun" with her grandson?
AITA for telling my girlfriend it’s gross the way she rubs her dog’s thighs
AITA because it's not my money
AITAH for making a couple jokes about a friend being rich???
AITA for making my boyfriend cry after telling him I didn't like my birthday present?
AITA for accidentally insulting my wife's appearance and saying she should give me some credit because I was trying to defend her?
AITA For rejecting an offer to hang out by saying "no thank you" instead of giving an excuse?
AITA for not apologising after I accidentally insulted my fiance's twin brother?
AITA for refusing to have anything to do with my mom's side of the family?
AITA for telling my parents that I would be happier with my sister?
AITA for refusing to go to the store after my dad screamed at me?
AITA For making my sister move into our rented home straight away instead of waiting 6 months
AITA for lending money to a friend and asking for it back?
AITA for telling my mom what I want for Christmas this year?
AITA for yelling at my dad during Thanksgiving
AITA for wanting to give to charity?
AITA for snapping at a customer?
AITA for taking back my dog
AITA for making my siblings save some of their money
AITA For refusing to pretend everything's normal when I'm still hurt
AITA because I don’t want my ex to involve my family in his love life?
AITA For Rejecting The Application Of A Girl That I Know
AITA for expecting my boyfriend (and our house mate) to do more of the dishes than myself?
WIBTA if I send a steak back twice and then expect the restaurant to keep "fixing" my steak for no additional charge?
AITA: For Calling Someone Out for Toxic Behavior Displayed In A Video Game?
AITA for telling my wife to stop parenting my sister?
AITA for not thinking of my family first?
AITA for telling my friend that he looks like Waluigi from Mario?
AITA for being mad at my mom?
AITA for getting upset when my husband policed my choice of meals?
AITA For throwing out my brothers drill?
AITA for coughing during my dad’s presentation?
WIBTA if I told my boyfriend he should pay for half of the maid I would like to hire?
AITA for allowing my kids to wear shorts today?
AITA for not wanting to spend Christmas with my family.
AITA for scolding my dad on his smoking?
AITA for telling a woman to stop harassing me?
AITA for not wanting to get too involved in my niece’s life?
AITA for not restricting pornography from my son?
AITA for going to my bosses (again) about being relived on time?
AITA for not noticing my partner didn't get ice?
AITA for passing off my electric bill onto a neighbor?
AITA for telling my friend that he’s abusive?
AITA for expected honesty after my boyfriend preaches about it constantly.
WIBTA for refusing to bow to emotional blackmail?
AITA for telling my partner he needs to step up?
AITA for blocking a girl after she supported me and my sort-of gf?
AITA for wanting to spend at least one Holiday with my boyfriend?
AITA for expecting that my roommate be considerate of others?
AITA For Finally Snapping at my Friend
WIBTA If I told my roommate that he's tone-deaf?
AITA for not clipping my moms dogs nails?
WIBTA ? Neighbor from 9th Ring of Hell
AITA for bowing back to someone that bowed to me?
AITA for resenting my aunt over an afghan?
WIBTA if I secretly gave my son extra money as a Christmas gift?
WIBTA for wanting to move house?
AITA for writing a blog post about my sister being a bad mother?
Aita for saying that an Uber driver deserved no extra tip even though she was struggling?
AITA for making a friend cry
AITA for telling my mom that she is financially selfish?
AITA for going against my mother’s wishes and buying a nerf gun for my younger siblings?
AITA for not wanting to talk to my friend?
AITA for telling my birth giver that she isn’t really my mom
AITA for getting upset my girlfriend got me an expensive gift for Christmas?
WIBTA if I went back to a strangers house/called someone to because of an unsupervised child?
WIBTA if I told my dad to tell his friends or colleagues that I'm from a different college than the one I went to?
WIBTA - If I told an elderly co-worker that reason management is 'out to get him' is because he sleeps on the job.
AITA for letting my mother buy my twins expensive clothes and keeping them when their mother doesn't want them?
WIBTA for refusing to go to family gatherings?
AITA for making someone choose between leaving with me or not seeing me again?
AITA for getting mad at my boyfriend?
WIBTA For refusing to let my roommate’s boyfriend into our apartment anymore?
AITA for being upset and expecting compensation for the painting my sister gave away?
AITA for buying furniture when my roommate doesn't want to be involved.
WIBTA For Quitting My Job with no Notice?
AITA For telling someone they should give their son ear protection when shooting at the range?
AITA for making my friend's boyfriend upset?
AITA for telling my boss my best friend/coworker has been stealing from him?
AITA for getting a shark iq robot vacuumfor Christmas
AITA for refusing to pay for my dad's college class that I failed?
WIBTA for telling my friend he's too young to have kids?
AITA for call my mother a hypocrite
WIBTA for getting a cosmetic procedure against my dads wishes
WIBTA If I did not alert SO I will be paying part of Mom's Health Insurance?
AITA for hating a depressed person?
AITA for investing in 2 companies for life insurance? (My brother's story)
AITA for yelling at my brother for cheating while he was finally “accepting his sexuality”?
AITA for assuming my son should be comfortable?
WIBTA if I met my niece through the mother, instead of my brother?
AITA for not wanting to be with GFs family at the Beach?
AITA for taking away toys from kids playing outside my home?
AITA for wanting my dad & stepmom to step up their game?
AITA For not wanting my sick grandmother to live with my family?
AITA over Christmas Gifts?
AITA if i report my friend who’s a nurse?
AITA for refusing to join the location tracking app my fiancé's family uses?
AITA for adopting my niece against her siblings wishes?
AITA for intervening in what I *thought* was racist harassment?
AITA for telling my dad I refuse to help my brother get my mom a birthday and Christmas gift?
AITA For Asking my Bf who Someone Was on his Facebook?
AITA for talking to my SILs friend about our issues?
AITA for getting my friend fired ?
AITA for calling out of work because I don’t have a sitter?
AITA for wanting to make decisions about my own hair?
WIBTA If I kicked my brother out on the street for relapsing on Meth and Heroin over at his bio mom's house?
AITA For avoiding social media
WIBTA for disputing a charge from a small business owner?
AITA for not speaking to my roommates?
WIBTA for telling my mom that if she can't see why my not having control over my work schedule is a bad thing then she's part of the problem?
AITA for protecting my daughter
AITA for not telling partner of a raise at work?
AITA For telling my brother he needs to let his son grow up?
AITA for not giving the keys of my new house to my MIL?
AITA for having someone's promotion reversed?
AITA for having my brother visit at a bad time because I rarely get to see him
AITA for being mad that my child’s father is sharing pictures of our daughter to girls he hasn’t even met?
AITA For not letting my brother and his wife come to my wedding after he kicked me out?
AITA For destroying my group's schoolwork.
AITA for telling my mom that i am more than happy to goto hell?
WIBTA If I asked my friend who housesit for, if I can have my mother and her husband stay at her house for a couple days for the holidays?
AITA for mot letting our roomie get a dog?
AITA for standing up for my stepdaughter wanting to paint her room bubble gum pink?
AITA for expecting my husband to spend Xmas with me and my family?
AITA for making my mom cry?
AITA for not sponsoring my friend?
AITA for helping my child leave home and telling my ex wife that she's the reason our daughter hates her?
AITA for not liking an adult stepchild for lying to me
AITA for scaring my friend into having a bad trip?
AITA for leaving my husband alone in the street while we were on a walk
AITA for not forgiving my brother after 8y?
AITA for getting my brother to delete a social media post with my wedding photos
AITA for yelling at my friend about wanting a baby?
AITA For damaging a gift and making it unsellable for the gifter?
AITA in this argument over my chronic medical condition?
WIBTA if I leave as soon as I'm 18?
AITA for not providing a reference?
AITA Gave my mom money and asked for it back. She said I'm noting but a big fat fucking bitch
AITA For Telling My Grandma She Acts Immature?
AITA for hating one of my boyfriend's good friends?
AITA for not making shopping for my flatmates anymore?
AITA for refusing to help pay for my neighbor's rat problem?
AITA for "discriminating" against potential roommates?
AITA for not sending my notes to someone like I had promised after they ended their friendship with me?
AITA for saying yuck?
AITA for getting upset at my sister for buying me a gift when I told her not to?
AITA if I told my fam I don't want to participate in the Christmas gift exchange this year?
AITA for leaving a destination party before people woke up?
AITA for opting out of boyfriend’s family Christmas this year?
AITA for wanting to avoid Christmas Dinner with family because i dont want to start a fight with my Brother in law in front of them ?
AITA for now wanting to change the date of my wedding so my sister and nephew can come?
AITA For joking with my friend?
AITA for not doing enough to help out my little brother?
AITA because I didn’t get my mom’s opinion on my wedding photo album before it was made?
WIBTA if I changed my locks so my roommate can’t get into the apt?
WIBTA if I asked my roommate to pay more rent for turning the dining room into their full-time office?
aita for not letting my stepsister use my sketchbook.
AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA for not telling my parents i was in town?
AITA For making my boyfriend swear on my life over a video game?
AITA for asking my husband if he changed our kids diaper?
AITA for getting in the left turn only lane and driving around someone at a stop sign to make a right turn because he was too busy looking at his phone instead of the road?
AITA for refusing to drive my brother's friend home
AITA for not wanting to pay an equal rent?
AITA for getting mad that my mom went on a trip with her boyfriend?
AITA for misunderstanding my sisters sexuality orientation
WIBTA if I were to confront my coworker about this matter?
AITA for selling my in-laws' xmas gift to buy something I really want?
AITA for kicking a Hot Cheeto Girl?
AITA My two friends are arguing non-stop and they said that this will make a decision to see who is the butthole.
AITA for overdressing for a Zoom exam?
AITA for having negative feelings for my parents?
AITA for suing my brother over my dad’s estate?
AITA for not babysitting my daughter’s 1 year old son without payment?
AITA for not liking pictures of my niece on Facebook?
AITA for crying and yelling at my mom for eating the cake I bought for my dad?
AITA For Moving Out.
AITA for yelling at my mom?
AITA For telling my mom that I wouldn't care if she died
AITA for telling my sister to piss off?
AITA for wanting McDonald's?
AITA for causing my girlfriend's friend to have a severe allergic reaction
AITA for not wanting to decorate my Christmas tree?
AITA For Not Helping Roommate Move In Next Semester?
AITA - did I abandon a grieving friend?
AITA for playing on a friends minecraft server?
AITA for I making a joke about my friend's sister while drunk?
AITA for not letting my friend make out in my car
AITA for telling my roommate to turn her TV down?
AITA for calling my daughter a hypocrite?
AITA for telling off an old lady
AITA for telling my stepbrother I think his girlfriend is manipulative?
AITA for expecting my wife to pull her fair share?
AITA for giving my husband shit for wanting to pick up his parents after they broke down an hour and a half away?
AITA for getting mad at my ex and best friend for matching on a dating app?
AITA for not thinking I have GD
AITA if i subtracted the price of a washer part out of my rent without my private landlord giving the ok?
WIBTA If I told my in-laws I didn't want to groom their dog anymore?
AITA for not wanting my half-brother to have the same name as me?
AITA for calling the police on my neighbors?
Aita for planning my gender reveal on my nieces first birthday?
AITA for telling my mom how to raise my niece
WIBTA if I got my sister a more expensive gift than my other siblings?
AITA if I don't wash my Uncle's dishes?
WIBTA for not telling my roommates about a tattoo appointment?
AITA - told my bf that his depression is taking a toll on me
AITA for wanting my own room?
WIBTA For telling my sister I don't want to babysit my nephew anymore
AITA for not letting my cousin eat my food?
AITA for shouting at my mum for touchig my face?
AITA for insulting and demeaning a guy who kept commenting on my looks?
AITA for calling my dad out
AITA for forgiving a loan to a friend against my wife’s wishes?
WIBTAH for asking SIL to go halves on a microwave?
WIBTA if I snapped at a coworker?
Aita for being upset about my teacher screaming at me?
AITA for telling my friend she’s too slow to bike with me?
AITA for making my employee do extra job without adding compensation?
AITA for being annoyed at my wife for buying me birthday presents?
AITA for refusing overnight stays at my ex MIL house
AITA - Household Cat Sleeping Arrangements
AITA for having my mom on speaker?
WIBTA if I ask my neighbors to remove part of their home security system?
AITA for only ordering takeout for myself?
AITA for being mean(F26) with the kids (F-M 5-12) on the building.
AITA for preventing my neighbor from using my parking spot?
AITA if I don't go to my Mums wedding
AITA for leaving away whenever my brother insults me?
WIBTA if I canceled my date?
AITA for not sharing my cupcakes?
AITA for being upset that my mom won't get me new stuff while my brother gets everything he asks for?
AITA for being upset that my mom wants me to pay her back
WIBTA If I told my cousin not to get a dog?
AItA for playing D&D instead of spending time with my family?
WIBTA if I tried to negotiate the cost that my cousin is charging to visit her?
WIBTA if I went through with playing MTG with a friend?
AITA for telling my SO that she spends too much
AITA for doing a survey?
AITA for changing my mind about letting my brother in law borrow my car?
AITA my bf's sister got upset with me, I feel as if I am owed an apology
AITA for being mad at my parents for blaming me that the dog is barking at me?
AITA for moving out of my parent's apartment
AITA for calling my friend stupid after he tried to double-ping everybody in a server I'm in?
AITA for saying Mexican food is objectively better than TexMex?
AITA for calling a woman pulchritudinous?
AITA for bringing my cat with me on a popular hike and accidentally antagonizing a few dogs?
AITA - shampoo for stepdaughter
AITA? My old friendship group
AITA for telling my partner to leave me alone while I'm working?
AITA for not reciprocating when a little girl tells me she loves me?
AITA for being pissed that my teacher accused me of plagiarism?
AITA for having a secret savings account in case of divorce?
AITA for burying my dog?
AITA for my friendship being strained with my best friend?
AITA for having marijuana in my room when I have told my parents (who are against weed) that I smoke weed sometimes, and it is legal in the country we live in.
AITA for not wanting to split costs proportionally despite me making 4x more than my boyfriend?
AITA for not hanging out with my friends all the time and refusing to participate in an event?
AITA: getting angry at my parents for not signing documents for a new job
AITA for saying we can’t wait longer for friend?
AITA for calling SIL selfish and her backing out of Christmas?
AITA for not apologising to my mother?
AITA for constantly telling my brother to put in headphones because he's addicted to watching Tik Tok videos?
AITA for not wanting to take care of my mother while she is on hospice?
Aita for making feel bad a classmate?
Aita? Partner stays up til early hours playing games and wakes me uo, i tell them to sleep earliee
AITA for being upset with a friend for cancelling birthday plans last minute?
AITA Friends think im cheap because I don't want to buy expensive gifts.
AITA for not paying for entrées because I found a fake fingernail in it, and stiffing a tip because the writer acted outrageous?
WIBTA if I forced my two best friends who just broke up to room together on our trip?
AITA for not buying Christmas presents?
AITA for not writing people back for an extended period of time?
AITA for trying to set a boundary with my mom?
AITA My Birthday Celebration—Grandma Cooks
AITA for considering leaving my best friend behind after he wandered off at a party I'd invited him to
AITA for not wanting to go to my aunt's birthday?
AITA for spending xmas with my bf and his family instead of my own?
AITA for "lying" to my friend about my sexuality before I came out
AITA for wanting to pick up my sister at the airport alone ?
AITA for refusing to refund a guy who bought my glitchy laptop?
AITA for "not helping" my boyfriend?
AITA for wanting to quit my job before securing a new one?
AITA for not caring for our dogs so my sister can have a party?
AITA for getting upset at my brothers when they couldn't do me a simple favor?
AITA for not waiting for my dentist?
AITA for blowing up at my mom?
AITA for talking bad about my family behind their back
AITA for posting a song to YouTube?
AITA for not letting my sister and her daughter stay with me due to rocky family history - even though she's technically apologised?
AITA for not giving money for our fence
AITA for telling me husband he shouldn't buy the PS5
WIBTA for making my new husband report his ex for fraud?
AITA for not buying my(16f) mom(50+) anything after she spent my money before
AITA for not wearing a Santa clause costume I didn't want?
AITA for telling a child that im a living chocolate bar?
WIBTA if i didn't ask my long distance friends to be in my wedding?
AITA for keeping my financial info away from my mother?
AITA for not filling up the tank to full
AITA for not fasting at my school.
AITA for asking this guy not to slam his chair into mine then asking his bother if he can ask him?
AITA for selling a dryer to someone and refusing to refund them when they say it doesn't work?
AITA for complaining about my hand-me-down computer?
WIBTA if I tell my boyfriend I just dont want to be his workout buddy?
AITA for refusing to let my sister give her kid the x-mas present i already bought for him?
AITA for telling my FIL that I would stop meeting and calling my MOM if he stops meeting my wife
AITA for proposing to my boyfriend with my grandma's ring?
AITA for not wanting alcohol at my birthday dinner?
AITA For Wanting His Attention Earlier
AITA for refusing to visit with my husband's family because of my SIL?
AITA : Manager Melts Down Over QR Code
AITA for hiding my diaries and journals and keeping secrets from my mom?
AITA for wanting husband to do more around the house
AITA for politely asking my mom's boyfriend to chew with his mouth closed?
WIBTA if I didn’t babysit my cousins kids?
AItA for Not Wanting My Husband's Father to Post Photos of My Daughter to His Public Facebook Profile?
Aita for not reporting my car was broken into
AITA for not giving my job two weeks notice before quiting?
AITA for being accidentally being judgmental to someone in the past but no longer being anymore after finding out why?
AITA for donating my old doll?
AITA for buying my own clothes?
Aita for using a drawing I sold to my friend in my art portfolio
AITA for wearing noisy boots to work?
AITA for inviting everyone else but her?
AITA For "Traumatizing" My Roommate?
AITA for getting mad at a friend who subtly keeps saying negative things?
WIBTA to get my roommates bf to not be allowed here anymore or to get his truck towed
AITA for telling my sister to not touch my food that’s wrapped up
WIBTA if I dont let my ex see his cat anymore?
WIBTA for picking the Christmas tree topper my daughter hates?
AITA because I broke off friendship with a person who copied the entire exam from me and we both failed
AITA: I spoiled the campaign of a game
AITA for not giving my family any money after they insulted me for my job
WIBTA If I spent less money on my dad than my mom for Christmas?
AITA for telling my brother his son called my daughter “special” in a bad way.
AITA for ignoring my brother?
WIBTA if I hire a private eye to look into my mom’s boyfriend.
AITA for calling my mother out on replacing my dead cat?
AITA for having my own christmas?
AITA for not being sad about my parents separating?
AITA for calling security on a guy who was not a Cab/Lyft/Uber driver trying to solicit rides to people?
AITA for not helping my boss more after surgery?
AITA for forcing my brother (17M) to have dinner with me (19M) and my girlfriend (20F)
AITA for telling my flatmate that his noises are freaking me out?
AITA for never wanting to be at my apartment because of my roommates?
AITA for not altering my weed habits too much to accommodate roomie’s Bf and kid
AITA for not helping and grieving with a kid who has lied to us before?
AITA for saying my aunt is a thief?
AITA for half-jokingly telling my gf that her mom aged nicely and that I would be happy if she aged half as good as her mom?
AITA for being annoyed at my send-off?
WIBTA If I confronted my uncle about hurting me mentally?
AITA for not showing up at work?
AITA for starting a gofundme to pay for a conference I could barely afford?
AITA For Calling My Son Out
WIBTA If I Moved Away And Left My Mother All Alone?
AITA for telling a teacher I'm uncomfortable for his excessive praising?
AITA for telling my parents that i would move out the first chance i get at age 18?
AITA for breaking down in class because i was in trouble for screwing around because noone wanted to hang out with me?
AITA for cooking two different types of meat?
AITA for locking roomate out of my home?
AITA for making myself a wishlist when it's uncalled for?
WIBTA If I were to keep my camera off?
AITA for letting the rest of my group finish the work?
WIBTA if I move in with my mom?
AITA for yelling at my mom in public and then avoiding her?
AITA for cancelling staying with my girlfriend 5 days before going to hers.
AITA For booking my SO a getaway to the wrong place?
AITA for accepting my mother's help?
AITA for wanting to discuss/ plan meals and eat together with my husband?
AITA for "demonising" my mum after she made a comment about Scottish people?
AITA for changing my mind about moving?
AITA for banning my family from visiting my home?
AITA For trying to sell a pair of shoes?
AITA for wanting to sleep in a bed
WIBTA if I reported a first semester freshman to the professor for not doing the share of her work?
AITA for getting mad at my girlfriend and her best friend for making me uncomfortable?
AITA my gf wants a dog and I don't
WIBTA if I expected my brother to pay for the damages he and his children did to my home.
AITA for wanting to skip hubby's xmas because of gift exchange anxiety?
AITA for yelling at my parents like this?
AITA for telling off my brother-in-law and his mother, at his 5th birthday party??
AITA: for being upset over my family using my money each month
AITA Roommate accuses me of stealing.
AITA for only pretending to care about about my friends toxic relationship when she complains about being unhappy?
AITA for telling my neighbor that I can walk my dog in the alley less but not not at all?
AITA for not wanting my housemate’s girlfriend’s cat in my house?
AITA for throwing up?
AITA for saying to my mom she must not ask for my opinion anymore.
AITA ? Parking Issues
WIBTA (18F) for leaving home due to parent’s (51F) inhospitality?
AITA for not making my daughter wear makeup?
AITA for telling my ILs to ask my husband?
AITA for secretly reuniting my long divorced parents in a Netflix marriage?
AITA for splurging to make myself feel better?
AITA for hating my sister?
WIBTA if I didn’t want to spend a week with my fiancé and his two friends?
AITA for not talking to my friend for months?
AITA to not let my girlfriend get involved in my dog education?
AITA for making this decision about dog food?
AITA for prioritizing my dogs/a strangers baby over my bf in a car accident
WIBTA if I seriously look into rehoming my brothers pet rabbit?
AITA for telling my boyfriend’s mother to mind her own f-ing business?
AITA for not painting a nutcracker for my grandma?
AITA for placing a trojan to remotely control the volume of my little sister's cell phone?
WIBTA For potentially ruining my ex-best-friend’s life?
AITA for not wanting my sister to sell her old computer?
AITA drinks and golf balls
AITA for flipping out on a kid that repeatedly made fun of me?
AITA For screen shring a video of my teacher?
AITA for throwing my MIL out of my life for over sharing my personal news?
AITA For Refusing A Free Car?
WIBTA if I don't give a second chance to my student, making him fail?
AITA for not paying for the tuition of my daughter’s community college?
AITA For demanding to be in the delivery room when my future daughter in law give birth?
AITA for being fed up with people saying im lying about my age
AITA for not wanting my mum to move near me?
AITA for applying for a seasonal job
AITA Ex gets married on our sons birthday, ignores son
AITA for mentioning the security camera in a review of an AirBnB?
AITA for asking my mom not to bring her dogs into our home with a new baby?
AITA for snoring far too loudly?
AITA for occasionally wearing shoes inside?
AITA for setting someone to get insulted?
AITA for not being upfront about signing a lease with someone?
AITA for not working voluntary overtime?
AITA for asking for my rights as a buyer?
AITA for asking my ex-fiancee for rent money?
AITA for not dropping off my bf at the airport?
AITA for yelling at my friend after finding out my recent ex made out with someone else
AITA for leaving without notice?
AITA for calling the cops on my neighbors?
Aita for not wanting to buy a house?
WIBTA for calling out my SIL over a trashy gift?
AITA for getting mad at my girlfriend over doughnuts?
AITA for donating ripped/torn clothes?
WIBTA if I told my dads partner to stop giving my dog treats?
AITA for calling my friend sensitive.
AITA For wanting the lights off?
AITA for yelling at my roommate to stop shoving his healthy food down my throat?
AITA for not asking my mom before buying makeup?
AITA for demanding that my husband stand up for my family though their behavior is far from perfect?
AITA for refusing to accept a house?
AITA for causing a girl to “cry” because I accused her of plagiarism
AITAH if I keep my grandmother’s recipe box that was stolen for decades?
AITA For not wanting to spend holidays with my ex?
AITA for arranging a deal for cheap Netflix for my mom by leeching off her ex-husband?
WIBTA Rehousing sister neglected dog
AITA for wearing a tshirt and jeans to my gf's thanksgiving?
AITA for stepping in when my brother was verbally harrassing my dad
AITA for “gossiping” about my parents behind their backs and getting outed for it?
AITA for not telling my boyfriend about my new "job"?
AITA for refusing to talk to MIL after a death in my family?
WIBTA if I paid someone to do my dishes?
AITA for asking neighbors to stop their kid from screaming like he was hurt when he was playing in the street
AITA for laughing at my mum when she was crying after she touched my girlfriend’s stuffed animals?
AITA for not telling my MIL about a potential serious surgery?
AITA for asking my ex to see a therapist as an ultimatum?
AITA for telling my roommate/love interest that I can't stand his father after he helped us move?
New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum December 2020
UPDATE: AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA for demanding my SIL pay me back for a Christmas gift that she destroyed, that was for my kids and shouldnt have been fucking touched?
AITA For kicking my sister out of the house after she told me to choose a side between her and my husband?
AITA for ungrounding my daughter after my wife grounded her?
[UPDATE] AITA for uninviting my daughter to our Christmas gathering?
AITA for siding my daughter over my wife when my wife wanted to punish my daughter?
AITA for kicking my mom out after ruining our engagement announcement?
AITA for refusing to make my son be friends with his new cousin?
AITA for not tipping a waitress because she tried to gain sympathy for being a struggling single mother?
AITA For how I reacted when my husband left me (wheelchair-bond) at the mall?
AITA For blowing up on my wife after she promised my stepson a ps5 and asked me to use my daughter's emergency fund?
AITA? Gave away an unwanted dog back to breeder
AITA for not telling my husband he doesn't get an opinion in my medical decisions?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
WIBTA If I stopped buying my husband Christmas presents?
AITA for not wanting exes GF to look after my child?
AITA for feeding my girlfriend Hooters?
AITA for telling my mother that she’s being childish and then refusing to listen to her problems?
AITA for saying I don't want my son around my boyfriend's mom because she won't use his real name?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
AITA for banning video games in my house?
AITA for refusing to wear my cousin’s memorial shirt?
AITA for not giving my mother "last month's" rent?
AITA For refusing to apologize to my brother after he said he was relieved it was my mom who died not his?
AITA for refusing baby advice from my ex in laws?
AITA for "dramatically" running away from an intervention my MIL threw for me?
AITA for cancelling plans over my husband losing his shit on our kids?
AITA for backing out on helping my gram after she backed out on helping me?
AITA for not holding a stranger’s baby?
AITA for being upset with my husband for failing to do the one thing I asked him for my birthday?
AITA for not caring that my daughter is trans?
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for asking my dad if he'd still be laughing in a nursing home
AITA For ditching my friend on a nigh out
AITA for exposing my ex on social media so people dont think im deluded
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
WIBTA if I called the local humane society or SPCA on my neighbour who's feeding their cat a vegan diet?
AITA for Being Furious with My Friend with Stage 4 Cancer for Basically Scamming Me and All of Our Friends?
AITA for saying how I'd choose my adoptive family over my biological one any day?
AITA for giving my family the silent treatment over their slut bet?
AITA for avoiding my dad's questions?
AITA for telling my SO to give me a heads up if his mom moves in so that I can move out?
AITA for pursuing back child support after telling him I would not?
AITA for demanding my mother leave with the wedding dress she bought me without my consent?
AITA because I told my BF he can’t ever borrow my car?
AITA for telling my neighbor's boyfriend I will call the police if he comes near my apartment again?
AITA for not allowing a guy to use my bathroom.
AITA for removing my 13y/o daughter's bedroom door?
AITA for straightening my boyfriends daughters hair?
AITA Am I de-masculinizing my bf?
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for wanting to have nothing to do with my sibling.
AITA for refusing to celebrate x-mas eve at my ex-inlaws house
AITA- For arguing with my husband after he said I should buy expensive gifts since I'm a doctor?
AITA for telling my friend she needs professional help?
WIBTA if I reported a psychiatrist for recommendations of a gluten free diet and MLM supplements?
AITA for ruining a gathering by insisting my friend apologise to my girlfriend?
AITA for getting annoyed at my wife’s paranoia about infidelity?
AITA for calling out my boyfriend’s family for excusing their younger sister’s disrespect?
AITA for not letting our sister-in-law’s friends stay over Christmas?
AITA for not sharing 100k with my brother?
AITA for fencing off our driveway?
AITA for siding with my in-laws and refusing to go to China after my wife found out that she was adopted from there?
AITA for getting my mom Lululemon Leggings for Christmas?
AITA for teaching my(27M) brother’s(33M) son(8) how to ride a bike?
AITA? Son (20M) wants to bring his poly partners (25F 26M) and their newborn to Christmas
AITA for not wanting to plan my sister’s wedding although I’m a full time event planner just because of the money?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
AITA for not wanting to play any more chess? My boyfriend says I’m just too stupid for it.
AITA for refusing to drive the vehicle my husband traded my car in for after he claimed he thought I was pregnant?
WIBTA if I stole my neighbor's cat?
AITA for not giving a high school ex closure?
AITA for refusing to go to Christmas dinner with my ex and her new fiancée?
AITA for not telling anyone about my sister’s addiction/cutting her off?
AITA for accidentally getting my co-manager fired???
AITA for not wanting to pay an exact replacement for something I broke again?
AITA for getting my brother a good Christmas present but not my stepsiblings?
AITA for telling my grandson that he needs to stop blaming older people for the reason why he is struggling to find work?
AITA for defending my dog from my sister
AITA for flipping my parents off and calling them homophobic?
AITA for not letting my sister in law stay with us again?
AITA for taking away my son’s phone for being elitist?
AITA for not bringing my baby to a family wedding?
AITA FOR NOT WANTING TO APOLOGIZE, TALK OR FORGIVE DAD
WIBTA If I told my mom that I don't do drugs like she did?
AITA I refuse to see or help husband’s 102 yr. old grandma because she accuses me of stealing?
AITA for moving to a new city even though hubby didn't want to?
AITA for refusing to answer the door even though my partner knew someone was coming?
AITA because I said no to uncle moving in?.
AITA for mumbling under my breath in a different language when I was pissed off at sisters boyfriend?
AITA because i won’t allow my (24m) parents to see my sister (17f)
AITA for not wanting to help my mother raisie my niece?
AITA for not willing to reconnect with a friend who treated me like crap before?
AITA for giving my nephews Christmas themed cookies?
AITA For not letting my sister's kids read my comic books?
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
AITA for kicking my grandmother out of my moms house after she tried forcefully convincing my BF to discipline my son?
AITA 8yo boy walked in on me in the shower
AITA for threatening a restraining order against my daughter’s mother?
AITA for not bailing my sister out of jail after her 3rd DUI?
Update: AITA for not being “sufficiently angry” after a colleague took credit for my work.
AITA For Not Giving My Partner More Money
AITA : asking to be payed for my time?
AITA for wanting my husband to use a knee scooter at a funeral?
WIBTA if i imposed a reverse study curfew on my sister
AITA for looking through my 'boyfriends' phone?
AITA for making my MiL return the dog she brought for us?
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA for not paying for my BF's mom's room and kicking her out?
UPDATE AITA for selling my daughter's iPad?
WIBTA if I gave my birthday presents back as Christmas presents?
AITA for feeling offended my childhood friend asked for €3?
Aita or is my roommate wrong
AITA for ruining my friend's prank?
AITA for wanting to crate train a puppy?
WIBTA for crashing at my friend's place and not telling him?
AITA For getting upset that my family doesn’t know my or my son’s last name?
AITA for not wanting to accept my pregnant ex-girlfriend because she didn't announce me about pregnancy early on?
AITA for not feeling bad that my cat scratched my brat cousin?
AITA for wanting some privacy and locking the door while I’m in the bathroom?
AITA For Moving Out Because of My Flatmate's Controlling Language
WIBTA if I suggested selling our investment property and not allowing BIL to move in with his new wife?
Aita for choosing my personal space over a friend's emergency?
AITA for having sex at 9:30pm in my own apartment and telling my neighbor to get over the heavy breathing she heard through the wall?
AITA for telling my daughter she can't come over for the holidays if she brings her partners?
AITA for refusing to share my food with other people?
AITA for describing my pregnant wife
AITA for telling my boyfriend that he also does unattractive things sometimes?
AITA for not letting my dad moe into my property?
AITA for not changing my room?
AITA for telling my parents about my sister's lie?
AITA for thinking my friend is an hypocrite?They called me a creep because I dated a 18year old(I was 23) when they used to date someone 30+ when they were 19.
AITA for Talking about my Relationship at Work?
AITA for telling my children's grandmother that if she doesnt stop phishing for info from my kids about our home life than she will be banned from seeing them?
AITA for not letting my autistic sister come over my boyfriend's house, or hang out with us?
AITA for walking away when my mom was mocking me?
AITA for telling a co-worker they may need to delete a photo
AITA for not wanting to tell my sister Im pregnant.
AITA for not telling my friends everything before I cut them off?
AITA for NOT making my brother and sister-in-law pay for something that my nephew damaged?
AITA for getting mad at my wife after she asked me a question in a seemingly degrading way?
AITA for sending a text at 1am?
AITA for not buyring a pet where my sister "said to"?
AITA For saying My Partner's Dad got An STI from Having Sex?
WIBTA if I confronted my roommate on her faking tourette's/ticks?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for opening my boyfriend’s Christmas present for me?
AITA for blowing my neighbors leaves back into their yard?
AITA? Brother wants me to give up my room?
AITAH for expecting IL to get foster daughter a Christmas gift
AITA for telling someone to get off my porch after they accused me of being a thief?
AITA For not showing up to my mothers surgery after I found out she used me?
AITA For Tipping Less Than My Husband Thought I Should?
AITA for making my brother feel unwelcome in my house.
AITA Coworker isn’t talking to me because I communicated with our boss
AITA for hiking off the trail
AITA for asking my daughter’s mom to stop inviting random men over when she has our daughter
AITA for getting mad because my mom left my 6yo with someone that I didn't know for a short period of time?
AITA - I threw away my girlfriends pork pies
AITA for being upset that my fiancée didn’t defend me against his brother?
WIBTA if I ignore my neighbour’s noise complaints?
AITA for being mad at my step dad after refusing to take in my cat?
AITA for getting sleeveless dresses banned at work?
AITA for snapping at my mother when she asked my if I am ok?
AITA for implying my gay friend is into bestiality?
AITA for not liking the Christmas Present my mom got me?
AITA for siding with my daughter who wanted to watch Beverly Hills Chihuahua over my wife?
AITA for medically tattooing my child under the recommendation of a doctor.
AITA for asking my BF to put headphones?
AITA for firing my son from family work?
AITA Not igniting conversation between old friend at gym?
AITA for making a "friend" failing one of his classes?
AITA for not forcing my kid to visit her dad?
AITA for deliberately parking in my neighbour and making her late for work?
WIBTA if I report the party my partner is going to tonight
AITA for telling my bfs mom to stop telling how my relationship with my dad should be?
AITA for wanting to shave my head? (Update)
AITA for posting rants about my mother on my close friends IG story?
AITA for wanting to get rid of cats, that i originally said we couldn't get in the first place?
AITA for hiring a different photographer for my wedding?
AITA for asking my roommates boyfriend to help out with utilities?
AITA: For asking my ex-wife for more of a notice than last minute?
AITA for calling my sister out for being a side chick?
Aita if I follow my now ex bf
AITA for not wanting to decorate for Christmas with my family?
AITA for requesting an end to my sisters BS and my dads favoritism?
AITA for refusing to not buy sweets to keep in the house, despite my husband being diabetic?
AITA for telling my best friend I don't like her husband and I don't care if he likes me?
AITA if I stop my fiancé from partying due to his gambling relapse?
AITA for refusing to make the first move?
AITA for not wanting to take my partners last name?
AITA for insisting people take precautions when visiting a cancer patient?
WIBTA for getting my neighbor evicted?
AITA for doing food prep in the morning
AITAH for not taking my moms dog in AGAIN?
Aita for not wanting to keep in touch with my mother anymore?
AITA For not letting my dad drive my brand new car around the corner to the store?
AITA for forcing my daughter to spend time with me?
AITA for waking up my boyfriend for a donut?
AITA for not wanting to put out my Christmas decorations?
AITA for not Paying my fathers wife for dying my hair?
WIBTA if I asked my deceased fathers fiance if I could ask her a couple questions?
WIBTA if I stick out the rest of my lease with my bf even though I know our relationship will probably end right after?
AITA for telling my daughter that the reason bagels fell out of the freezer is because we bought too much stuff for her?
AITA for refusing to be a godparent to someone's kid?
AITA for giving my non-drinking friend a drink?
WIBTA if I didn't retake the SAT?
AITA for "undermining" my wife's parenting?
AITA for being mad when I asked my friend not to ask my other friend out, and he did?
AITA for not inviting my friend to my housewarming party?
AITA for reading my sibling's posts and getting mad about his lies?
AITA for asking my little brother to knock on our bedroom door before coming in
AITA for refusing to pay for a dog to go to the vet that isn’t mine?
AITA for not wanting to return neighbors dog when he tries to follow us home?
AITA For throwing away a part of the coffee machine that only my wife ever uses?
AITA for Not Wanting My Sister to Hug Me?
WIBTA - if I didn’t buy siblings kids birthday presents?
AITA for commenting on my friends insta
WIBTA if I held onto the money my brother left out and made him think he lost it?
AITA for wanting to travel new places with my girlfriend (serious) with her friends/family?
AITA for telling my sister she couldn’t stay at my house because I don’t want to deal with backlash from my parents?
AITA For snitching on
AITA for warning a group about a possible scam?
AITA for being upset at my Mom outing me?
AITA for refusing to justify my Christmas presents?
WIBTA if I start spamming the comments of an Insta page that owes me money?
AITA for deleting logs that prove I don’t owe my mom $200?
AITA for not coming to Christmas?
AITA for telling my mom that when I am 18 that might be the last time she ever sees me?
AITA for being annoyed at coworkers for eating chocolates I bought to share with the team (including them)?
AITA for Leaving my (21f) brothers with my mom
WIBTA if I posted by art on social media
AITA For not apologising to my GF when I talk to friends?
AITA for banning my boyfriend from using my car?
AITA for changing into a provocative outfit to purposefully offend my grandfather?
AITA for being mad at my mum?
AITA for being upset at my subleaser for trashing plants?
WIBTA For removing the bathroom trash from a shared bathroom?
AITA for stealing one of my moms mousse cakes?
AITA for not wanting my mom as a clean lady
AITA for refusing to write my niece’s personal statement for her university application?
AITA For Handing My Friend Into the Police
AITA for being upset with my fiancé because she is abandoning me for Christmas?
AITA for asking them to wait to announce their pregnancy by a day?
AITA For Wanting to Break Things Off With an Online Friend?
WIBTA for threatening to tell someone's parents about there secret relationship after they threatened me socially?
AITA for not minding my own business at work?
AITA for being mad at my mom for cutting up my notebook?
AITA for not having a wedding even though my mom wants to pay for it?
AITA for taking down a "meme" that was potentially offensive?
WIBTA Foster Child Adoption
AITA for reacting negatively to an insult
AITA for not attending church with my mother because I’m tired?
AITA for Giving my Parents the Silence Treatment for cutting down all the trees in our yard?
AITA for not being more mindful?
AITA for asking my dad to take in my mentally unstable sister so that I don’t have to live with her?
AITA for telling my wife she should learn Spanish if she feels so left out from conversations with our son?
AITA for asking coworker to fuck off because she said that I was embarrassed about periods?
AITA for letting my little dog snuggle in my bed?
AITA for saying to my mom that my autistic brother is treated better than me?
AITA for not wanting to hang out with my cousin?
AITA for leaving the group and using the project we worked on together?
AITA for telling my friend to stop using her autistic brother to get attention?
AITA for complaining about my in laws?
AITA for being mad at my bf for not doing the dishes while he was being sick?
AITA for telling my grown daughter "I don't care" when she said she doesn't want to speak to me?
AITA for having different beliefs from my in-laws?
WIBTA for not being a neighbor?
AITA for considering speaking against my roommate to management
AITA for getting extremely pissed that my family member keeps calling me on speakerphone when Ive asked him not to?
AITA For Saying, or Not Saying, the Right Thing?
AITA for calling my step-dad a dumbass?
AITA For making my coworker work over the weekend?
AITA for wanting to only give 1/4 of contributions to a wheelchair for a girl?
AITA for “being rude” to someone in grocery store
AITA for not letting my MIL move in with us?
AITA for laughing when my sister accidentally burned a strand of her hair?
AITA for being slightly annoyed at my mum for constantly leaving in the middle of me explaining my side of an argument (which she asks to hear)
AITA for avoiding very close friends who need me during lockdown?
AITA - custody arrangement over the holidays
AITA for wanting my fiancee’s Autistic brother to pay his part of the living expenses?
AITA for taking and moving across the country with my ex-room-mates couch after he explicitly told me he did not want it and asked if he could leave it at my house? Because now his DAD wants it back and claims that I should have asked HIM who I barely knew.
AITA for cussing in front if my cousin and refusing to apologize
WIBTA if I paid off part of my sister’s student loans for Christmas
AITA for trolling customers who keep asking me where I’m “really” from?
AITA for taking my stuff back when my roommates clearly need it
AITA For Stealing the Spotlight?
WIBTA if I started having cars towed off?
AITA for writing that I've been stood up?
AITA for kicking an 8 yo out of the house?
AITA for refusing to video chat with my husbands family in India?
AITA For Telling My Ex That It’s His Responsibility To Keep Contact With Our Daughter?
AITA for snapping at my MIL for constantly comparing by husband and his half brother?
WIBTA if I told my friends he cant date this person?
WIBTA if I asked my uncle to remove his balcony that is hovering over our land?
AITA for humiliating my fiancee's friend after she was a horrible guest? Poop involved.
AITA for adding a password to my PC
AITA for assuming my husband didn't want to go Christmas tree shopping?
AITA for keeping to myself
AITA For saying "If you didn't continue some people would be inconvenienced, If i stop working we would go Hungry"
AITA for disclosing my girlfriend’s disability to my employer with her permission.
AITA for yelling at my brother for sexist and racist remarks?
WIBTA if I speak up to a colleague who always refers to me as assistant instead of my name?
AITA for feeling like my husband using Disney+ is okaying how SIL treats me like garbage?
AITA for wanting some personalm
AITA for going back to my parents for december/Xmas and leaving my flatmate alone?
AITA for not being friends with a furry?
AITA for asking a bisexual (?) friend questions about that?
AITA for reporting my family to a social worker?
AITA for not cleaning up after my partners employee?
WIBTA For not getting my family any gifts for Christmas?
AITA- Flipped out on my grandmother for being overbearing and getting too involved?
AITA for deleting my friends message on discord?
AITA for telling my friend he isn't getting a Christmas gift because he owes me too much money?
WIBTA If I called my mom out on her christmas present to my nephew?
AITA for wanting to see my best friend on her death bed?
AITA Gift wrapping expectations
AITA for wanting to work even though I get paid less than what daycare and house care would cost?
AITA for telling my sister she snores?
AITA for flipping the dinner table?
AITA for keeping my daughter away?
AITA for getting mad that my family used one of my possessions without my permission?
AITA for being mean to my BF's dog?
AITA for not helping an old man who had fallen and couldn’t get up
AITA for belittling my home county on a call to old school friends
AITA for returning my currency?
AITA for getting angry at my parents having sex
AITA for refusing to eat the food cooked for me?
AITA for giving boyfriend silent treatment?
Wibta if I didn’t apologize to my niece after she tried to take my money?
AITA for refusing to sell my blizzard account for 5$ when I spent 30$ for it
AITA for being mad at my dad who won't delete a pic of me?
AITA for telling my brother to grow up and get over himself?
AITA for not doing chores at home from coming back to college?
AITA for continuing to sit on my porch and drink beer like usual even though my neighbor is having a women’s only yoga classes in our shared backyard now?
AITA for deciding my sister did not want a Christmas present?
WIBTA for not going to Christmas if my brother's girlfriend is there?
AITA for changing a friends home
AITA for "bossing around" my husband?
AITA for being blunt with my co-worker as to why I purposely avoid her?
AITA for not correcting my friend on the pronunciation of my name?
AITA for getting mad at my sister for trying to let herself into my house?
AITA for not welling to talk to my roommate about cleaning his dishes.
AITA for not buying my son a car even though I've spent thousands on my daughter?
AITA for saying dicks are ew?
AITA for not singing?
AITA for not letting my roommate’s pets in my room?
WIBTA if I shave my head again?
AITAH, For accepting and eating the unwanted Oatmeal raisin cookies a guy’s girlfriend made for him?
AITA for calling my mom a manipulative bitch?
AITA for refusing to apologise for my stuff being given away
WIBTA if I told my roommates that I don't want to split our prize money equally?
AITA for wearing my dad’s clothes?
AITA for not asking my sister for help?
AITA for not giving my ps3 to my cousin due to inactivity?
AITA for not wanting to cooking for husband?
AITA for telling my mom that just because she was raised one way doesn’t mean she has to treat her kids that way?
AITA for not apologizing to my uncle when his feelings got hurt after he read my private messages?
AITA if I won't let my mother see her granddaughter?
AITA for talking back to my brother?
AITA for telling my mom that I’m not supposed to giver her money because 1.) she’s able, 2.) she’s more able than I am financially, 3.) I am not working to provide for them
AITA for lashing out at my friend for always asking me why I'm single?
AITA for getting a surgery to remove a 'family trait'?
WIBTA if I forbid ex husband from visiting my parents
AITA for changing my colleague’s hours?
AITA for getting upset my SIL took the name we had picked out?
AITA for passing on my ex's phone number to a collections agency so they'll stop calling me looking for him all the time?
AITA for not letting my sister use me (F30) as an example as a healthy fat person for her overweight child (F14)?
AITA for moving out of a shared flat with friends, without discussing the problems that made me move out first.
AITA (25F) for not wanting to write my boyfriends (25M) code for him?
AITA because i said i minded if my dad invited his new “girlfriend” down the area of the house that i live?
AITA for being irked my bf would rather pull out more loans then settle for a job that isn’t perfect?
AITA for telling my husbands grandmother she needs to move out because of how she treats my children
AITA for getting angry that my partner let his dad use my cooking spoon to get his shoes on.
AITA for being friendly with my friend's mother?
AITA for being upset with my friends
AITA for getting mad at my friends for not caring about my DnD campaign
AITA for telling my friend to block my sister on social media?
AITA for not wanting to say sorry for upsetting my toxic friend?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for giving back my dead friends army possessions to his family not his ex girlfriend?
AITA for wanting to get my own place?
AITA for not wanting to re-gift an old present for Xmas?
AITA for not getting enough steps on my girlfriend's fitbit?
AITA for posting "my mom it prettier than yours" on an instagram story
AITA For Calling the Police on my Roommate?
AITA For Asking My Dad to Quiet Down
AITA for getting to sleep in & still coming down complaining
AITA For wanting to choose the birthday cake I want?
AITA if I feel violated by my housemates lack of privacy?
AITA for touching his phone
AITA for not helping renovate the house?
AITA for calling my friend gay
AITA for not wanting to watch the entire Clone Wars tv show (2008v) with my girlfriend?
WIBTA if I tell my girlfriend that I didn’t have a good time at her house?
AITA for not wanting to take a pic for my girlfriend’s family.
AITA for making my BIL aware of a mistake he made?
AITA for disagreeing with my uncle about the rules of a game?
WIBTA if I talked to my boyfriend about “improving” his gift giving to me?
AITA for telling my brother that my mom told others about his pregnant gf?
AITA for closing my mum's car door on a shopping trolly?
WIBTA If I vaped on my balcony?
AITA for explaining periods to my young children?
AITA for wanting to give away family DS Games?
AITA for leaving “friends giving” without saying goodbye to anyone...?
AITA for refusing my mom?
AITA for bringing up my sisters lack of relationship with her stepkids?
AITA for calling out a friend for claiming he was somewhere he wasn’t?
AITA for not sharing my quiz answers?
AITA for not speaking to my sister?
AITA for not accepting a cat from my MIL and getting my own pet?
WIBTA for pointing out that a doctor who says it's possible for humans to experience fevers in excess of 90 degrees Celsius is a crank?
AITA for giving a customer the silent treatment?
AITA for making a light hearted joke about the way something was drawn in a game between a couple on a date night and getting irritated that my SO stormed off to bed, making me feel like I've ruined everything?
WIBTA for asking my mom if she lied, and I had an older brother who died?
AITA for not getting my husband the gift he asked for?
AITA for snapping when I thought that I was in danger?
WIBTA for not allowing my child to have a relationship with my mother's husband?
AITA For Not Letting My Family Take All My Money?
AITA for calling my friend irrational?
AITA for forcing my “friends” out while it was pouring?
AITA for telling an ex friend that I don’t care one of her friends died & that I don’t care about anything bad that happen to her friends and family?
AITA for not emptying the bathroom trash very often because it's usually full of my roommate's menstrual waste?
AITA for telling my mum I hate her in an argument?
WIBTA for not talking about issues bf's brother's girlfriend has about me coming over for Christmas?
AITA for immediately leaving a party after a friend mocked my new tattoo?
WIBTA if I don't spend Christmas with my biological daughter?
AITA for asking my friend not to badmouth me to my other friends?
AITA for wasting my parents’ money for dropping a class in college?
AITA for saying the kids gifts should be fair
AITA for getting angry at my sisters after they threw away my Bible?
AITA for "hiding" extensive family cancer from my SO?
AITA for sitting by myself at a picnic table at the beach?
WIBTA if I wrote to my estranged aunt asking for an explanation about certain family secrets?
AITA for refusing to meet my brother’s new girlfriend because of what she looks like?
AITA for wanting a better phone than I’m getting for Christmas?
AITA for considering letting my child live in a different country with their father?
AITA for how I spoke to two large women?
AITA for refusing the engagement ring from BF's dying grandma?
WIBTA if I reported my neighbors?
AITA Called my mom a bitch
AITA For Telling a School Admin to F Off?
AITA for telling my parents that while I appreciate my hand-me-downs I would really like some new clothes for once?
AITA for refusing to ride in the same car as my husband?
WIBTA if I did some light photoshop on my wedding photo with my stepmom?
WIBTA if I leave my family on their own?
WIBTA if I shorten everyone's shifts at work to 4hrs instead of 6?
AITA for making my mom jealous of my MIL?
AITA for “ignoring” customers when I’m off the clock?
WIBTA If I Brought Up With My Mum How I Don't Want Her To Be Controlling When My Daughter Is Born?
AITA for not dropping everything to talk about how the world is going to end even though I’m 6 months pregnant and have no mental capacity for that stuff right now?
AITA for putting my foot down about how I take my vitamins?
AITA for banning my brother in laws son from my wedding?
WIBTA if I wear pink to a wedding?
AITA for not telling my friend I’d pay for his dogs surgery
AITA for telling my sibs I sold our childhood home when I didn't, just to get them out?
AITA for being too pushy as a friend?
AITA for refusing to be close with my grandma again?
AITA the asshole for giving my sisters friend the "short end of the stick"
UPDATE WIBTA for banning my In laws from our house?
AITA for not helping a homeless man?
AITA: bought item on social media and didn’t wait for sellers response after asking twice
AITA Brother sold car to someone else
AITA for being mad at my husband over tattoos?
AITA for allowing my daughter to use a family asset and not my stepchildren?
AITA I AFKed a League of legends after my friends said this
AITA for flipping out on my daughters teacher after she made the comment "Well, life isnt fair" in response to my daughter saying she was overwhelmed?
AITA for not wanting my roommate to be naked in front of me?
AITA for calling someone out for being homophobic?
AITA: For not depositing money in my dad's bank account?
AITA for yelling at my husband for telling me I was responsible for my friend’s death?
AITA: Remote Learning and Coparenting
AITA? I got mad at my boyfriend for not going Christmas shopping because his daughter is sick.
AITA for wanting to be vegetarian?
AITA for not wanting my dad to bring his girlfriend on Christmas Eve?
AITA For not including a person to our group?
AITA i sent selfie to my friends husband in the army
AITA for calling my dad a douche bag and not believing what he said?
AITA for expelling my bully's brother during a soccer match?
Aita if I won’t/don’t buy gifts for friends kids?
AITA for not caring that my mom had a stroke?
AITA for saying I will walk the dog later?
AITA for being upset that my girlfriend invited her friend to come stay with her when I visit
AITA for refusing to forgive and making life more difficult at home?
AITA for... all of this?
WIBTA if I threw out my sister's Christmas present?
AITA for my ?toxic? friend's moving drama
AITA for not apologizing to my dad?
WIBTA if I get rid of my mom’s car sticker
AITA for yelling at my neighbor's grandkids to get away from my fence?
AITA for not wanting presents from my mum?
WIBTA If I (16M) told my girlfriend (16F) that I didn't think she has OCD?
AITA for not going to my grandparents house
AITA for wanting to cancel family christmas and NOT my own birthday?
WIBTA if I refuse my quince
AITA for cutting my partner off financially.
AITA now that my Dad isn't talking to me and canceled Christmas together?
AITA for ignoring my bestfriend when he constantly asks help with his tests.
Aita for telling my relatives to stay away from me.
AITA for not shering a inheritance?
AITA for not buying my wife Christmas Presents.
AITA for telling my friend her partner is emotionally manipulative and that I don't like her?
AITA for ditching a friend?
AITA for laughing and making a girl feel bad
AITA for spoiling my nephew but not my BIL?
WIBTA if I rented a room without telling my roommates?
AITA for purposely making my grammar & spelling worse the more this guy corrects me?
WIBTA if I insisted that my coworker/"friend" give me the remaining $6 balance of my loan to her?
AITA for making my SO take the bus to work?
AITA For Picking My Best Friend Over My FIL
AITA for calling my(32M) twins(4M,F) a racial slur but affectionately?
AITA for wanting the tub cleaned after each use?
Aita for not telling my parents about my boyfriend
AITA for wanting personal space and wanting to move out, away from my mum?
WIBTA if I ask my roomate to pay me back?
AITA For Kicking My Roommate Out
AITA for not reaching out to a friend
AITA for telling my crush's ex to fuck off?
WIBTA if I don't follow my sister's last wishes and invite her boyfriend to her funeral?
AITA for spending the night at walmart?
AITA for getting my nieces & nephews gift cards for Christmas?
AITA for offering my artist friend lower than she would like for a small commission piece?
AITA for defending a snowflake on the internet
AITA for yelling at SIL?
WIBTA if I gave my brother money without telling my wife
AITA for telling my friend to get out of my car and walk home?
AITA if I call animal protective services on my own family?
AITA (24F) for treating my friend (25M) the exact same way after he transitioned?
AITA for not allowing my youngest son to borrow his brother's stuff to teach him a lesson?
WIBTA if I cut my visit to my dad's short because my sister is being rude?
AITA for not wanting my step fathers family at my 18th b day?
AITA for refusing to give my mother money and paying her back because I "owe" her for cooking for me everyday, and has raised me as a child?
AITA for criticizing my dad?
AITA for not wanting my mom to post my admissions decision?
AITA for keep a necklace that has been a part of my husband's family for a hundred years even though my SIL said she doesn't want me to have it?
WIBTA if i kept an second computer that we did not get charged for?
AITA for getting myself a Nintendo switch for my birthday and telling my younger sister I won’t share it with her
AITA for having a rainbow Christmas tree in a communal area when my roommate hates it?
AITA for cursing at my cousin (22F) after she called my girlfriend (21F) a predator?
AITA for preferring my parents play a more active role in my sex education?
AITA? Got in an argument with a lady in the drive through of a Dunkin Donuts
AITA for hating my girlfriend’s family?
AITA for yelling my dad that I’m already an adult and I just want to help them?
AITA for telling my son that he is not welcome in my home if he gets a dog?
AITA for refusing to pick up my girlfriend's package.
WIBTA If I don't buy my nieces & nephews Xmas gifts this year?
AITA for quitting a job after 3 days?
AITA for not paying my best friend's boyfriend's rent?
AITA for not wanting my mom to give my boyfriend a Christmas gift?
AITA For ditching my friend at a house party?
AITA for not going to my nephew's birthday party?
AITA For refusing to pay for my roommates TV repairs?
AITA for being mad at my fiance for the consequences of his drug use?
AITA for locking my bf out from the flat for taking my stuff and putting it in the bike storage?
AITA for getting my neighbours evicted in the middle of a pandemic lockdown when I knew I'd likely be moving soon?
AITA for telling a student that they might have to do a dance project for their class in order not to get a B?
AITA for saying that I make the rules in the house I inherited from my mother?
AITA for not following through with a parent’s lawsuit for an incident that happened a year ago since I spent enough time in jail?
AITA for unfriending someone on Discord over a carried out joke?
WIBTA if i re-homed my grandma's dog
AITA for wanting to spend Christmas with my parents for the first time in 8 years?
WIBTA if I backed out on Christmas plans with my narcissist sister for my mental health?
AITA for yelling at my mom during a Christmas light show?
AITA for texting my brother about our parents sucking?
AITA for not wanting to write a letter for my brother's (9M) birthday?
AITA for not wanting to play a game with my brother?
AITA for telling children to not play in the parking lot?
AITA for blowing up at a guy in my squadbay?
WIBTA for purposely planning an event so someone couldn’t attend?
AITA for telling my parents which lights they should get?
AITA for saying that I didn’t want people to joke about my death?
AITA for getting mad that my oldest son didn't let my youngest win a game?
AITA for not telling my father that my sister had a child?
AITA for discouraging Christmas to my 20 year old daughter?
AITA for saying I won't let my daughter compete if she doesn't learn how to lose?
AITA for getting jealous of a two year old?
AITA for not paying the utilities activation fees?
AITA for recommending my cousin change his name?
AITA for not helping my juniors with assignments after some of them were disrespectful towards me?
AITA for reporting someone to HR causing then to be sacked a month before a pandemic.
AITA for calling out my aunt for insulting my hobby?
WIBTA for going to my nan’s for Christmas instead of my dads?
AITA for telling my roommate to pick up her food
AITA For telling my friend that she needs to be top tier if she wants a man to give her top tier shit?
AITA nail polish feud between spoiled brat and parents
AITA for yelling at my bf’s friend over food I was making?
AITA for telling my friend i couldn't help but like my girlfriend more, and that she wouldn't understand?
Aita for not allowing my mom to use my car after hers broke down?
AITA for telling my friend I don't care
Aita for cracking sisters iPad?
AITA for calling people out for being rude to their partners?
AITA for waking up 5 minutes late?
AITA for not talking to my father even though it hurts my grandfather
Aita for sending my bf cheetos even though he said he doesnt like gifts
aita for storming out on my dad?
AITA for accidentally waking my mum up early in the morning because my dog was throwing up on my bed?
WIBTA if I told my roommate to get his dog trained?
AITA For not going to my sister's for Christmas?
WIBTA if I Ask a Coworker to Lay Off the Axe Body Spray?
WIBTA for not apologizing before christmas?
AITA for not making my son talk to his father.
AITA for wanting my family to hear me out?
AITA for picking my friends over my brother and his girlfriend?
AITA for not giving a "friend" an old video game system?
WIBTA for snitching on my dad?
AITA for siding with a kid that my daughter despises.
AITA for poppin off at my mom?
AITA for googling my SIL’s fiancé and accusing him of being a fraud?
AITA for wanting my BF to stay in his masters program?
AITA for selling a car without keys and then not wanting to pay for them ?
AITA for making friends pay the full fee?
AITA for being angry because my Husband didn't tell me that he loaned a lot of money to his brother?
AITA for seeking an Autism diagnosis and ignoring my family’s guidance?
WIBTA if I tell my grandmother her coping mechanism is becoming unhealthy?
AITA for being obsessed with Build-A-Bear?
AITA for not comforting a friend in need?
Aita for making this comment
AITA for refusing to be an ATM machine to my biofamily?
AITA for making my daughter share her car with her mother because she totaled her own car
AITA For asking my mom not to throw parties on the nights I have to be up early the next day?New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum December 2020
UPDATE: AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA for demanding my SIL pay me back for a Christmas gift that she destroyed, that was for my kids and shouldnt have been fucking touched?
AITA For kicking my sister out of the house after she told me to choose a side between her and my husband?
AITA for ungrounding my daughter after my wife grounded her?
[UPDATE] AITA for uninviting my daughter to our Christmas gathering?
AITA for siding my daughter over my wife when my wife wanted to punish my daughter?
AITA for kicking my mom out after ruining our engagement announcement?
AITA for refusing to make my son be friends with his new cousin?
AITA for not tipping a waitress because she tried to gain sympathy for being a struggling single mother?
AITA For how I reacted when my husband left me (wheelchair-bond) at the mall?
AITA For blowing up on my wife after she promised my stepson a ps5 and asked me to use my daughter's emergency fund?
AITA? Gave away an unwanted dog back to breeder
WIBTA If I stopped buying my husband Christmas presents?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
AITA for not telling my husband he doesn't get an opinion in my medical decisions?
AITA for not wanting exes GF to look after my child?
AITA for feeding my girlfriend Hooters?
AITA for banning video games in my house?
AITA for telling my mother that she’s being childish and then refusing to listen to her problems?
AITA for saying I don't want my son around my boyfriend's mom because she won't use his real name?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
AITA for refusing to wear my cousin’s memorial shirt?
AITA for not giving my mother "last month's" rent?
AITA For refusing to apologize to my brother after he said he was relieved it was my mom who died not his?
AITA for refusing baby advice from my ex in laws?
AITA for cancelling plans over my husband losing his shit on our kids?
AITA for "dramatically" running away from an intervention my MIL threw for me?
AITA for not holding a stranger’s baby?
AITA for backing out on helping my gram after she backed out on helping me?
AITA for being upset with my husband for failing to do the one thing I asked him for my birthday?
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for not caring that my daughter is trans?
AITA for exposing my ex on social media so people dont think im deluded
AITA for asking my dad if he'd still be laughing in a nursing home
AITA For ditching my friend on a nigh out
AITA for Being Furious with My Friend with Stage 4 Cancer for Basically Scamming Me and All of Our Friends?
WIBTA if I called the local humane society or SPCA on my neighbour who's feeding their cat a vegan diet?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
AITA for saying how I'd choose my adoptive family over my biological one any day?
AITA for giving my family the silent treatment over their slut bet?
AITA for pursuing back child support after telling him I would not?
AITA for avoiding my dad's questions?
AITA for telling my SO to give me a heads up if his mom moves in so that I can move out?
AITA for demanding my mother leave with the wedding dress she bought me without my consent?
AITA because I told my BF he can’t ever borrow my car?
AITA for telling my neighbor's boyfriend I will call the police if he comes near my apartment again?
AITA for not allowing a guy to use my bathroom.
AITA for removing my 13y/o daughter's bedroom door?
AITA for siding with my in-laws and refusing to go to China after my wife found out that she was adopted from there?
AITA Am I de-masculinizing my bf?
AITA for straightening my boyfriends daughters hair?
AITA for telling my friend she needs professional help?
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for wanting to have nothing to do with my sibling.
AITA for refusing to celebrate x-mas eve at my ex-inlaws house
AITA- For arguing with my husband after he said I should buy expensive gifts since I'm a doctor?
AITA for getting annoyed at my wife’s paranoia about infidelity?
AITA for not letting our sister-in-law’s friends stay over Christmas?
WIBTA if I reported a psychiatrist for recommendations of a gluten free diet and MLM supplements?
AITA for ruining a gathering by insisting my friend apologise to my girlfriend?
AITA for calling out my boyfriend’s family for excusing their younger sister’s disrespect?
AITA for not sharing 100k with my brother?
AITA for not wanting to plan my sister’s wedding although I’m a full time event planner just because of the money?
AITA for fencing off our driveway?
AITA for getting my mom Lululemon Leggings for Christmas?
AITA for teaching my(27M) brother’s(33M) son(8) how to ride a bike?
AITA? Son (20M) wants to bring his poly partners (25F 26M) and their newborn to Christmas
AITA for not wanting to play any more chess? My boyfriend says I’m just too stupid for it.
AITA for accidentally getting my co-manager fired???
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
WIBTA if I stole my neighbor's cat?
AITA for refusing to drive the vehicle my husband traded my car in for after he claimed he thought I was pregnant?
AITA for not giving a high school ex closure?
AITA for refusing to go to Christmas dinner with my ex and her new fiancée?
AITA for not telling anyone about my sister’s addiction/cutting her off?
AITA for getting my brother a good Christmas present but not my stepsiblings?
AITA for not wanting to pay an exact replacement for something I broke again?
AITA for defending my dog from my sister
AITA for not bringing my baby to a family wedding?
AITA for not letting my sister in law stay with us again?
AITA for telling my grandson that he needs to stop blaming older people for the reason why he is struggling to find work?
AITA for flipping my parents off and calling them homophobic?
AITA for taking away my son’s phone for being elitist?
AITA for refusing to answer the door even though my partner knew someone was coming?
AITA FOR NOT WANTING TO APOLOGIZE, TALK OR FORGIVE DAD
WIBTA If I told my mom that I don't do drugs like she did?
AITA I refuse to see or help husband’s 102 yr. old grandma because she accuses me of stealing?
AITA for not bailing my sister out of jail after her 3rd DUI?
WIBTA if i imposed a reverse study curfew on my sister
AITA for moving to a new city even though hubby didn't want to?
Update: AITA for not being “sufficiently angry” after a colleague took credit for my work.
AITA for mumbling under my breath in a different language when I was pissed off at sisters boyfriend?
AITA because I said no to uncle moving in?.
AITA because i won’t allow my (24m) parents to see my sister (17f)
AITA for not wanting to help my mother raisie my niece?
AITA for not willing to reconnect with a friend who treated me like crap before?
AITA for giving my nephews Christmas themed cookies?
AITA For not letting my sister's kids read my comic books?
AITA for kicking my grandmother out of my moms house after she tried forcefully convincing my BF to discipline my son?
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
AITA 8yo boy walked in on me in the shower
AITA for threatening a restraining order against my daughter’s mother?
AITA For Not Giving My Partner More Money
AITA : asking to be payed for my time?
AITA for wanting my husband to use a knee scooter at a funeral?
AITA for not paying for my BF's mom's room and kicking her out?
AITA for making my MiL return the dog she brought for us?
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA for looking through my 'boyfriends' phone?
WIBTA if I gave my birthday presents back as Christmas presents?
AITA for feeling offended my childhood friend asked for €3?
Aita or is my roommate wrong
AITA for walking away when my mom was mocking me?
UPDATE AITA for selling my daughter's iPad?
AITA for not wanting to accept my pregnant ex-girlfriend because she didn't announce me about pregnancy early on?
AITA for wanting some privacy and locking the door while I’m in the bathroom?
AITA for not letting my dad moe into my property?
AITA for ruining my friend's prank?
AITA for wanting to crate train a puppy?
WIBTA for crashing at my friend's place and not telling him?
AITA For getting upset that my family doesn’t know my or my son’s last name?
AITA for not feeling bad that my cat scratched my brat cousin?
AITA For Moving Out Because of My Flatmate's Controlling Language
WIBTA if I suggested selling our investment property and not allowing BIL to move in with his new wife?
AITA for having sex at 9:30pm in my own apartment and telling my neighbor to get over the heavy breathing she heard through the wall?
Aita for choosing my personal space over a friend's emergency?
AITA for telling my daughter she can't come over for the holidays if she brings her partners?
AITA for refusing to share my food with other people?
AITA for describing my pregnant wife
AITA for telling my boyfriend that he also does unattractive things sometimes?
AITA for not changing my room?
AITA for not telling my friends everything before I cut them off?
AITA for telling my parents about my sister's lie?
AITA for thinking my friend is an hypocrite?They called me a creep because I dated a 18year old(I was 23) when they used to date someone 30+ when they were 19.
AITA? Brother wants me to give up my room?
AITA for Talking about my Relationship at Work?
AITA for telling my children's grandmother that if she doesnt stop phishing for info from my kids about our home life than she will be banned from seeing them?
AITA for not letting my autistic sister come over my boyfriend's house, or hang out with us?
AITA for telling a co-worker they may need to delete a photo
AITA for not wanting to tell my sister Im pregnant.
AITA for NOT making my brother and sister-in-law pay for something that my nephew damaged?
AITA for getting mad at my wife after she asked me a question in a seemingly degrading way?
AITA for sending a text at 1am?
AITA for not buyring a pet where my sister "said to"?
AITA For saying My Partner's Dad got An STI from Having Sex?
WIBTA if I confronted my roommate on her faking tourette's/ticks?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for opening my boyfriend’s Christmas present for me?
AITA for blowing my neighbors leaves back into their yard?
AITAH for expecting IL to get foster daughter a Christmas gift
AITA for telling someone to get off my porch after they accused me of being a thief?
AITA For not showing up to my mothers surgery after I found out she used me?
AITA For Tipping Less Than My Husband Thought I Should?
AITA for making my brother feel unwelcome in my house.
AITA Coworker isn’t talking to me because I communicated with our boss
AITA for hiking off the trail
AITA for asking my daughter’s mom to stop inviting random men over when she has our daughter
AITA for getting mad because my mom left my 6yo with someone that I didn't know for a short period of time?
AITA - I threw away my girlfriends pork pies
AITA for being upset that my fiancée didn’t defend me against his brother?
WIBTA if I ignore my neighbour’s noise complaints?
AITA for getting sleeveless dresses banned at work?
AITA for wanting to get rid of cats, that i originally said we couldn't get in the first place?
WIBTA for getting my neighbor evicted?
WIBTA if I report the party my partner is going to tonight
AITA for implying my gay friend is into bestiality?
AITA for not liking the Christmas Present my mom got me?
AITA for siding with my daughter who wanted to watch Beverly Hills Chihuahua over my wife?
AITA for medically tattooing my child under the recommendation of a doctor.
AITA for asking my BF to put headphones?
AITA for firing my son from family work?
AITA Not igniting conversation between old friend at gym?
AITA for making a "friend" failing one of his classes?
AITA for being mad at my step dad after refusing to take in my cat?
AITA for not forcing my kid to visit her dad?
AITA for deliberately parking in my neighbour and making her late for work?
AITA for telling my bfs mom to stop telling how my relationship with my dad should be?
AITA for wanting to shave my head? (Update)
AITA for posting rants about my mother on my close friends IG story?
AITA for hiring a different photographer for my wedding?
AITA For saying "If you didn't continue some people would be inconvenienced, If i stop working we would go Hungry"
AITA for asking my roommates boyfriend to help out with utilities?
AITA: For asking my ex-wife for more of a notice than last minute?
AITA for calling my sister out for being a side chick?
AITA for stealing one of my moms mousse cakes?
AITA for feeling like my husband using Disney+ is okaying how SIL treats me like garbage?
Aita if I follow my now ex bf
AITA for not wanting to decorate for Christmas with my family?
AITA for requesting an end to my sisters BS and my dads favoritism?
AITA for refusing to not buy sweets to keep in the house, despite my husband being diabetic?
AITA for telling my best friend I don't like her husband and I don't care if he likes me?
AITA if I stop my fiancé from partying due to his gambling relapse?
AITA for refusing to make the first move?
AITA for not wanting to take my partners last name?
AITA for insisting people take precautions when visiting a cancer patient?
AITA For Wanting to Break Things Off With an Online Friend?
AITA for doing food prep in the morning
AITAH for not taking my moms dog in AGAIN?
WIBTA for threatening to tell someone's parents about there secret relationship after they threatened me socially?
Aita for not wanting to keep in touch with my mother anymore?
AITA For not letting my dad drive my brand new car around the corner to the store?
AITA for waking up my boyfriend for a donut?
AITA for forcing my daughter to spend time with me?
AITA for not wanting to put out my Christmas decorations?
AITA for not Paying my fathers wife for dying my hair?
WIBTA if I asked my deceased fathers fiance if I could ask her a couple questions?
WIBTA if I stick out the rest of my lease with my bf even though I know our relationship will probably end right after?
AITA for telling my mom that when I am 18 that might be the last time she ever sees me?
AITA for telling my daughter that the reason bagels fell out of the freezer is because we bought too much stuff for her?
AITA for refusing to be a godparent to someone's kid?
AITA for giving my non-drinking friend a drink?
WIBTA if I didn't retake the SAT?
AITA for asking my dad to take in my mentally unstable sister so that I don’t have to live with her?
AITA for "undermining" my wife's parenting?
AITA for being mad when I asked my friend not to ask my other friend out, and he did?
AITA for not inviting my friend to my housewarming party?
AITA for reading my sibling's posts and getting mad about his lies?
AITA for asking my little brother to knock on our bedroom door before coming in
AITA for refusing to pay for a dog to go to the vet that isn’t mine?
AITA for not wanting to return neighbors dog when he tries to follow us home?
AITA For throwing away a part of the coffee machine that only my wife ever uses?
AITA for Not Wanting My Sister to Hug Me?
AITA For Handing My Friend Into the Police
WIBTA - if I didn’t buy siblings kids birthday presents?
AITA for commenting on my friends insta
WIBTA if I held onto the money my brother left out and made him think he lost it?
AITA for wanting to travel new places with my girlfriend (serious) with her friends/family?
AITA for telling my sister she couldn’t stay at my house because I don’t want to deal with backlash from my parents?
AITA For snitching on
AITA for warning a group about a possible scam?
AITA for being upset at my Mom outing me?
AITA for refusing to justify my Christmas presents?
WIBTA if I start spamming the comments of an Insta page that owes me money?
AITA for deleting logs that prove I don’t owe my mom $200?
AITA for not coming to Christmas?
AITA for being annoyed at coworkers for eating chocolates I bought to share with the team (including them)?
AITA for Leaving my (21f) brothers with my mom
WIBTA if I posted by art on social media
AITA For not apologising to my GF when I talk to friends?
AITA for banning my boyfriend from using my car?
AITA for changing into a provocative outfit to purposefully offend my grandfather?
AITA for being mad at my mum?
AITA for being upset at my subleaser for trashing plants?
WIBTA For removing the bathroom trash from a shared bathroom?
WIBTA if I speak up to a colleague who always refers to me as assistant instead of my name?
AITA for refusing to write my niece’s personal statement for her university application?
AITA for not being friends with a furry?
AITA for being upset with my fiancé because she is abandoning me for Christmas?
AITA for asking them to wait to announce their pregnancy by a day?
AITA for not having a wedding even though my mom wants to pay for it?
AITA for not minding my own business at work?
AITA for being mad at my mom for cutting up my notebook?
WIBTA Foster Child Adoption
AITA for not attending church with my mother because I’m tired?
AITA for Giving my Parents the Silence Treatment for cutting down all the trees in our yard?
AITA for not being more mindful?
AITA for telling my wife she should learn Spanish if she feels so left out from conversations with our son?
AITA for asking coworker to fuck off because she said that I was embarrassed about periods?
AITA for letting my little dog snuggle in my bed?
AITA for saying to my mom that my autistic brother is treated better than me?
AITA for not wanting to hang out with my cousin?
AITA for leaving the group and using the project we worked on together?
AITA for telling my friend to stop using her autistic brother to get attention?
AITA for complaining about my in laws?
AITA for being mad at my bf for not doing the dishes while he was being sick?
AITA for telling my grown daughter "I don't care" when she said she doesn't want to speak to me?
AITA for having different beliefs from my in-laws?
WIBTA for not being a neighbor?
AITA for considering speaking against my roommate to management
AITA for getting extremely pissed that my family member keeps calling me on speakerphone when Ive asked him not to?
AITA For Saying, or Not Saying, the Right Thing?
AITA for calling my step-dad a dumbass?
AITA For making my coworker work over the weekend?
AITA for wanting to only give 1/4 of contributions to a wheelchair for a girl?
AITA for “being rude” to someone in grocery store
AITA for not letting my MIL move in with us?
AITA for laughing when my sister accidentally burned a strand of her hair?
AITA for taking and moving across the country with my ex-room-mates couch after he explicitly told me he did not want it and asked if he could leave it at my house? Because now his DAD wants it back and claims that I should have asked HIM who I barely knew.
AITA for being slightly annoyed at my mum for constantly leaving in the middle of me explaining my side of an argument (which she asks to hear)
AITA for avoiding very close friends who need me during lockdown?
AITA - custody arrangement over the holidays
AITA for wanting my fiancee’s Autistic brother to pay his part of the living expenses?
AITA for cussing in front if my cousin and refusing to apologize
AITA Gift wrapping expectations
WIBTA if I paid off part of my sister’s student loans for Christmas
AITA for trolling customers who keep asking me where I’m “really” from?
AITA for taking my stuff back when my roommates clearly need it
AITA For Stealing the Spotlight?
WIBTA if I started having cars towed off?
AITA for writing that I've been stood up?
AITA for kicking an 8 yo out of the house?
AITA for refusing to video chat with my husbands family in India?
AITA For Telling My Ex That It’s His Responsibility To Keep Contact With Our Daughter?
AITA for snapping at my MIL for constantly comparing by husband and his half brother?
WIBTA if I told my friends he cant date this person?
WIBTA if I asked my uncle to remove his balcony that is hovering over our land?
AITA for humiliating my fiancee's friend after she was a horrible guest? Poop involved.
AITA for adding a password to my PC
AITA for politely asking my mother to stop singing?
AITA for assuming my husband didn't want to go Christmas tree shopping?
AITA for keeping to myself
AITA for disclosing my girlfriend’s disability to my employer with her permission.
AITA for yelling at my brother for sexist and racist remarks?
AITA for wanting some personalm
AITA for not wanting my mom as a clean lady
AITA for going back to my parents for december/Xmas and leaving my flatmate alone?
AITA for asking a bisexual (?) friend questions about that?
AITA for reporting my family to a social worker?
AITA for not cleaning up after my partners employee?
WIBTA For not getting my family any gifts for Christmas?
AITA- Flipped out on my grandmother for being overbearing and getting too involved?
AITA for deleting my friends message on discord?
AITA for telling my friend he isn't getting a Christmas gift because he owes me too much money?
WIBTA If I called my mom out on her christmas present to my nephew?
AITA for wanting to see my best friend on her death bed?
AITA for wanting to work even though I get paid less than what daycare and house care would cost?
AITA for telling my sister she snores?
AITA for flipping the dinner table?
AITA for keeping my daughter away?
AITA for taking down a "meme" that was potentially offensive?
AITA for getting mad that my family used one of my possessions without my permission?
AITA for being mean to my BF's dog?
AITA for not helping an old man who had fallen and couldn’t get up
AITA for reacting negatively to an insult
AITA for belittling my home county on a call to old school friends
AITA for returning my currency?
AITA for getting angry at my parents having sex
AITA for refusing to eat the food cooked for me?
AITA for giving boyfriend silent treatment?
Wibta if I didn’t apologize to my niece after she tried to take my money?
AITA for refusing to sell my blizzard account for 5$ when I spent 30$ for it
AITA for being mad at my dad who won't delete a pic of me?
AITA for telling my brother to grow up and get over himself?
AITA for not doing chores at home from coming back to college?
AITA for continuing to sit on my porch and drink beer like usual even though my neighbor is having a women’s only yoga classes in our shared backyard now?
AITA for deciding my sister did not want a Christmas present?
WIBTA for not going to Christmas if my brother's girlfriend is there?
AITA for changing a friends home
AITA for "bossing around" my husband?
AITA for being blunt with my co-worker as to why I purposely avoid her?
AITA for not correcting my friend on the pronunciation of my name?
AITA for getting mad at my sister for trying to let herself into my house?
AITA for not welling to talk to my roommate about cleaning his dishes.
AITA for not buying my son a car even though I've spent thousands on my daughter?
AITA for saying dicks are ew?
AITA for not singing?
AITA for not letting my roommate’s pets in my room?
WIBTA if I shave my head again?
AITAH, For accepting and eating the unwanted Oatmeal raisin cookies a guy’s girlfriend made for him?
AITA for calling my mom a manipulative bitch?
AITA for refusing to apologise for my stuff being given away
WIBTA if I told my roommates that I don't want to split our prize money equally?
AITA for not asking my sister for help?
AITA for not giving my ps3 to my cousin due to inactivity?
AITA for not wanting to cooking for husband?
AITA for telling my mom that just because she was raised one way doesn’t mean she has to treat her kids that way?
AITA for not apologizing to my uncle when his feelings got hurt after he read my private messages?
AITA if I won't let my mother see her granddaughter?
AITA for talking back to my brother?
AITA for telling my mom that I’m not supposed to giver her money because 1.) she’s able, 2.) she’s more able than I am financially, 3.) I am not working to provide for them
AITA for lashing out at my friend for always asking me why I'm single?
AITA for getting a surgery to remove a 'family trait'?
WIBTA if I forbid ex husband from visiting my parents
AITA for changing my colleague’s hours?
AITA for getting upset my SIL took the name we had picked out?
AITA for passing on my ex's phone number to a collections agency so they'll stop calling me looking for him all the time?
AITA for not letting my sister use me (F30) as an example as a healthy fat person for her overweight child (F14)?
AITA for moving out of a shared flat with friends, without discussing the problems that made me move out first.
AITA (25F) for not wanting to write my boyfriends (25M) code for him?
AITA because i said i minded if my dad invited his new “girlfriend” down the area of the house that i live?
AITA for being irked my bf would rather pull out more loans then settle for a job that isn’t perfect?
AITA for telling my husbands grandmother she needs to move out because of how she treats my children
AITA for getting angry that my partner let his dad use my cooking spoon to get his shoes on.
AITA for being friendly with my friend's mother?
AITA for being upset with my friends
AITA for getting mad at my friends for not caring about my DnD campaign
AITA for telling my friend to block my sister on social media?
AITA for not wanting to say sorry for upsetting my toxic friend?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for giving back my dead friends army possessions to his family not his ex girlfriend?
AITA for wanting to get my own place?
AITA for not wanting to re-gift an old present for Xmas?
AITA for not getting enough steps on my girlfriend's fitbit?
WIBTA if I tell my girlfriend that I didn’t have a good time at her house?
AITA for posting "my mom it prettier than yours" on an instagram story
AITA For Calling the Police on my Roommate?
AITA For Asking My Dad to Quiet Down
AITA for getting to sleep in & still coming down complaining
AITA For wanting to choose the birthday cake I want?
AITA if I feel violated by my housemates lack of privacy?
AITA for touching his phone
AITA for not helping renovate the house?
AITA for wearing my dad’s clothes?
AITA for calling my friend gay
AITA for not wanting to watch the entire Clone Wars tv show (2008v) with my girlfriend?
AITA for not wanting to take a pic for my girlfriend’s family.
AITA for making my BIL aware of a mistake he made?
AITA for disagreeing with my uncle about the rules of a game?
WIBTA if I talked to my boyfriend about “improving” his gift giving to me?
AITA for telling my brother that my mom told others about his pregnant gf?
AITA for closing my mum's car door on a shopping trolly?
WIBTA If I vaped on my balcony?
AITA for explaining periods to my young children?
AITA for wanting to give away family DS Games?
AITA for leaving “friends giving” without saying goodbye to anyone...?
AITA for refusing my mom?
AITA for bringing up my sisters lack of relationship with her stepkids?
AITA for calling out a friend for claiming he was somewhere he wasn’t?
AITA for not sharing my quiz answers?
AITA for not speaking to my sister?
AITA for not accepting a cat from my MIL and getting my own pet?
WIBTA for pointing out that a doctor who says it's possible for humans to experience fevers in excess of 90 degrees Celsius is a crank?
AITA for giving a customer the silent treatment?
AITA for making a light hearted joke about the way something was drawn in a game between a couple on a date night and getting irritated that my SO stormed off to bed, making me feel like I've ruined everything?
WIBTA for asking my mom if she lied, and I had an older brother who died?
AITA for not getting my husband the gift he asked for?
AITA for snapping when I thought that I was in danger?
WIBTA for not allowing my child to have a relationship with my mother's husband?
AITA For Not Letting My Family Take All My Money?
AITA for calling my friend irrational?
AITA for forcing my “friends” out while it was pouring?
AITA for telling an ex friend that I don’t care one of her friends died & that I don’t care about anything bad that happen to her friends and family?
AITA for not emptying the bathroom trash very often because it's usually full of my roommate's menstrual waste?
AITA for telling my mum I hate her in an argument?
WIBTA for not talking about issues bf's brother's girlfriend has about me coming over for Christmas?
AITA for immediately leaving a party after a friend mocked my new tattoo?
WIBTA if I don't spend Christmas with my biological daughter?
AITA for asking my friend not to badmouth me to my other friends?
AITA for wasting my parents’ money for dropping a class in college?
AITA for saying the kids gifts should be fair
AITA for getting angry at my sisters after they threw away my Bible?
AITA for "hiding" extensive family cancer from my SO?
AITA for sitting by myself at a picnic table at the beach?
WIBTA if I wrote to my estranged aunt asking for an explanation about certain family secrets?
AITA for refusing to meet my brother’s new girlfriend because of what she looks like?
AITA for wanting a better phone than I’m getting for Christmas?
AITA for considering letting my child live in a different country with their father?
AITA for how I spoke to two large women?
AITA for trying to eat my son's ear
AITA for laughing and making a girl feel bad
AITA for refusing the engagement ring from BF's dying grandma?
WIBTA if I reported my neighbors?
AITA Called my mom a bitch
AITA For Telling a School Admin to F Off?
AITA for telling my parents that while I appreciate my hand-me-downs I would really like some new clothes for once?
AITA for refusing to ride in the same car as my husband?
WIBTA if I did some light photoshop on my wedding photo with my stepmom?
WIBTA if I leave my family on their own?
WIBTA if I shorten everyone's shifts at work to 4hrs instead of 6?
AITA for making my mom jealous of my MIL?
AITA for “ignoring” customers when I’m off the clock?
WIBTA If I Brought Up With My Mum How I Don't Want Her To Be Controlling When My Daughter Is Born?
AITA for not dropping everything to talk about how the world is going to end even though I’m 6 months pregnant and have no mental capacity for that stuff right now?
AITA for putting my foot down about how I take my vitamins?
AITA for banning my brother in laws son from my wedding?
WIBTA if I wear pink to a wedding?
AITA for not telling my friend I’d pay for his dogs surgery
AITA for telling my sibs I sold our childhood home when I didn't, just to get them out?
AITA for being too pushy as a friend?
AITA for refusing to be close with my grandma again?
AITA the asshole for giving my sisters friend the "short end of the stick"
UPDATE WIBTA for banning my In laws from our house?
AITA for not helping a homeless man?
AITA: bought item on social media and didn’t wait for sellers response after asking twice
AITA Brother sold car to someone else
AITA for being mad at my husband over tattoos?
AITA for allowing my daughter to use a family asset and not my stepchildren?
AITA I AFKed a League of legends after my friends said this
AITA for flipping out on my daughters teacher after she made the comment "Well, life isnt fair" in response to my daughter saying she was overwhelmed?
AITA for not wanting my roommate to be naked in front of me?
AITA for calling someone out for being homophobic?
AITA: For not depositing money in my dad's bank account?
AITA for yelling at my husband for telling me I was responsible for my friend’s death?
AITA: Remote Learning and Coparenting
AITA? I got mad at my boyfriend for not going Christmas shopping because his daughter is sick.
AITA for wanting to be vegetarian?
AITA for not wanting my dad to bring his girlfriend on Christmas Eve?
AITA For not including a person to our group?
AITA i sent selfie to my friends husband in the army
AITA for calling my dad a douche bag and not believing what he said?
AITA for expelling my bully's brother during a soccer match?
Aita if I won’t/don’t buy gifts for friends kids?
AITA for not caring that my mom had a stroke?
AITA for saying I will walk the dog later?
AITA for being upset that my girlfriend invited her friend to come stay with her when I visit
AITA for refusing to forgive and making life more difficult at home?
AITA for... all of this?
WIBTA if I threw out my sister's Christmas present?
AITA for my ?toxic? friend's moving drama
AITA for not apologizing to my dad?
WIBTA if I get rid of my mom’s car sticker
AITA for yelling at my neighbor's grandkids to get away from my fence?
AITA for not wanting presents from my mum?
AITA for not going to my grandparents house
AITA for wanting to cancel family christmas and NOT my own birthday?
WIBTA if I refuse my quince
AITA for cutting my partner off financially.
AITA now that my Dad isn't talking to me and canceled Christmas together?
AITA for ignoring my bestfriend when he constantly asks help with his tests.
Aita for telling my relatives to stay away from me.
AITA for not shering a inheritance?
AITA for not buying my wife Christmas Presents.
AITA for telling my friend her partner is emotionally manipulative and that I don't like her?
AITA for ditching a friend?
AITA for spoiling my nephew but not my BIL?
WIBTA if I rented a room without telling my roommates?
WIBTA If I (16M) told my girlfriend (16F) that I didn't think she has OCD?
AITA for purposely making my grammar & spelling worse the more this guy corrects me?
WIBTA if I insisted that my coworker/"friend" give me the remaining $6 balance of my loan to her?
AITA for making my SO take the bus to work?
AITA For Picking My Best Friend Over My FIL
AITA for calling my(32M) twins(4M,F) a racial slur but affectionately?
AITA for wanting the tub cleaned after each use?
Aita for not telling my parents about my boyfriend
AITA for wanting personal space and wanting to move out, away from my mum?
WIBTA if I ask my roomate to pay me back?
AITA For Kicking My Roommate Out
AITA for not reaching out to a friend
AITA for telling my crush's ex to fuck off?
WIBTA if I don't follow my sister's last wishes and invite her boyfriend to her funeral?
AITA for spending the night at walmart?
AITA for getting my nieces & nephews gift cards for Christmas?
AITA for offering my artist friend lower than she would like for a small commission piece?
AITA for defending a snowflake on the internet
AITA for yelling at SIL?
WIBTA if I gave my brother money without telling my wife
AITA for telling my friend to get out of my car and walk home?
AITA if I call animal protective services on my own family?
AITA (24F) for treating my friend (25M) the exact same way after he transitioned?
AITA for not allowing my youngest son to borrow his brother's stuff to teach him a lesson?
WIBTA if I cut my visit to my dad's short because my sister is being rude?
AITA for not wanting my step fathers family at my 18th b day?
AITA for refusing to give my mother money and paying her back because I "owe" her for cooking for me everyday, and has raised me as a child?
AITA for criticizing my dad?
AITA for not wanting my mom to post my admissions decision?
AITA for keep a necklace that has been a part of my husband's family for a hundred years even though my SIL said she doesn't want me to have it?
WIBTA if i kept an second computer that we did not get charged for?
AITA for getting myself a Nintendo switch for my birthday and telling my younger sister I won’t share it with her
AITA for having a rainbow Christmas tree in a communal area when my roommate hates it?
AITA for cursing at my cousin (22F) after she called my girlfriend (21F) a predator?
AITA for preferring my parents play a more active role in my sex education?
AITA? Got in an argument with a lady in the drive through of a Dunkin Donuts
Aita for making this comment
AITA for hating my girlfriend’s family?
AITA for yelling my dad that I’m already an adult and I just want to help them?
AITA for telling my son that he is not welcome in my home if he gets a dog?
AITA for refusing to pick up my girlfriend's package.
WIBTA If I don't buy my nieces & nephews Xmas gifts this year?
AITA for quitting a job after 3 days?
AITA for not paying my best friend's boyfriend's rent?
AITA for not wanting my mom to give my boyfriend a Christmas gift?
AITA For ditching my friend at a house party?
AITA for not going to my nephew's birthday party?
AITA For refusing to pay for my roommates TV repairs?
AITA for being mad at my fiance for the consequences of his drug use?
AITA for locking my bf out from the flat for taking my stuff and putting it in the bike storage?
AITA for getting my neighbours evicted in the middle of a pandemic lockdown when I knew I'd likely be moving soon?
AITA for telling a student that they might have to do a dance project for their class in order not to get a B?
AITA for not following through with a parent’s lawsuit for an incident that happened a year ago since I spent enough time in jail?
AITA for saying that I make the rules in the house I inherited from my mother?
AITA for unfriending someone on Discord over a carried out joke?
WIBTA if i re-homed my grandma's dog
AITA for wanting to spend Christmas with my parents for the first time in 8 years?
WIBTA if I backed out on Christmas plans with my narcissist sister for my mental health?
AITA for yelling at my mom during a Christmas light show?
AITA for texting my brother about our parents sucking?
AITA for not wanting to write a letter for my brother's (9M) birthday?
AITA for not wanting to play a game with my brother?
AITA for telling children to not play in the parking lot?
AITA for blowing up at a guy in my squadbay?
WIBTA for purposely planning an event so someone couldn’t attend?
AITA for telling my parents which lights they should get?
AITA for saying that I didn’t want people to joke about my death?
AITA for getting mad that my oldest son didn't let my youngest win a game?
AITA for not telling my father that my sister had a child?
AITA for discouraging Christmas to my 20 year old daughter?
AITA for saying I won't let my daughter compete if she doesn't learn how to lose?
AITA for getting jealous of a two year old?
AITA for not paying the utilities activation fees?
AITA for recommending my cousin change his name?
AITA for not helping my juniors with assignments after some of them were disrespectful towards me?
AITA for reporting someone to HR causing then to be sacked a month before a pandemic.
AITA for calling out my aunt for insulting my hobby?
WIBTA for going to my nan’s for Christmas instead of my dads?
AITA for telling my roommate to pick up her food
AITA For telling my friend that she needs to be top tier if she wants a man to give her top tier shit?
AITA nail polish feud between spoiled brat and parents
AITA for yelling at my bf’s friend over food I was making?
AITA for telling my friend i couldn't help but like my girlfriend more, and that she wouldn't understand?
Aita for not allowing my mom to use my car after hers broke down?
AITA for telling my friend I don't care
Aita for cracking sisters iPad?
AITA for calling people out for being rude to their partners?
AITA for waking up 5 minutes late?
AITA for not talking to my father even though it hurts my grandfather
Aita for sending my bf cheetos even though he said he doesnt like gifts
aita for storming out on my dad?
AITA for accidentally waking my mum up early in the morning because my dog was throwing up on my bed?
WIBTA if I told my roommate to get his dog trained?
AITA For not going to my sister's for Christmas?
WIBTA if I Ask a Coworker to Lay Off the Axe Body Spray?
WIBTA for not apologizing before christmas?
AITA for not making my son talk to his father.
AITA for wanting my family to hear me out?
AITA for picking my friends over my brother and his girlfriend?
AITA for not giving a "friend" an old video game system?
WIBTA for snitching on my dad?
AITA for siding with a kid that my daughter despises.
AITA for poppin off at my mom?
AITA for googling my SIL’s fiancé and accusing him of being a fraud?
AITA for wanting my BF to stay in his masters program?
AITA for selling a car without keys and then not wanting to pay for them ?
AITA for making friends pay the full fee?
AITA for being angry because my Husband didn't tell me that he loaned a lot of money to his brother?
AITA for seeking an Autism diagnosis and ignoring my family’s guidance?
WIBTA if I tell my grandmother her coping mechanism is becoming unhealthy?
AITA for being obsessed with Build-A-Bear?
AITA for not comforting a friend in need?
AITA for refusing to be an ATM machine to my biofamily?
AITA for making my daughter share her car with her mother because she totaled her own car
AITA For asking my mom not to throw parties on the nights I have to be up early the next day?
AITA for being moody and then later crying in front of my aunt?
WIBTA for regifting a gift I can’t use?
AITA for keeping my daughter until court establishes custody?
AITA for wanting my mother to help walk our family dog more?
AITA for not wanting to split bills?
WIBTA for filing a complaint about my professor?
AITA Because I told a woman to not beg for money online?
AITA for telling my parents if they want me to buy a kindle, they should buy it with their own money
AITA for not wanting to get a job?
AITA for snapping at my parents??
AITA for ratting on my friend?
AITA for wanting to visitant talking to my sister?
AITA for getting upset that my boyfriend didn't communicate with me that he is out with the boys tonight?
AITA for not talking to my mom
AITA for not giving my mom the Iphone?
AITA for being angry because my cousin lied to us?
WIBTA if I give up my cat?
WIBTA if I keep accepting "early inheritance" from my grandmother?
AITA for wanting my mum to move her flowers?
AITA for wanting to distance from my long term best friends?
AITA for not giving money for a group present?
AITA for snapping at my dad
Aita for telling my sister she should give back the full amount of the cake to my grieving friend?
AITA for my WOC game avatar?
AITA for not claiming my sister’s pregnancy tests were my own?
AITA for not trying to have a relationship with my sister who has learning difficulties
AITA for telling my MIL her cats are too fat?
AITA for driving with my knees?
AITA? my friend is mad at me because I decided not to adopt her dog
AITA for getting angry at mutual acquaintances making fun of a culture/language?
AITA for storming off after my mum mentioned my dessert size, and then yelling at her when she came to talk to me?
AITA for telling my partner (F) that it would be less embarrassing for me (M) to run with a female name on Strava?
AITA because I have a failing organ that needs to be removed?
AITA for not paying any rent to my girlfriend
AITA for not wanting to go see the horse i bought for my wife?
AITA for not letting my mom go with me to my testicle operation?
AITA for cutting my ex's cell phone plan?
AITA for staying on in the same organisation as my ex after we broke up?
AITA for not telling my niece she has a secret half brother?
AITA for refusing to look after my step sister’s daughter?
WIBTA if I tell my MIL to play with my baby differntly?
AITA for wanting to keep in-laws anniversary a family affair?
AITA for being bilingual and try to practice?
AITA for asking my friend not to move near me?
AITA for being irritated with mom’s singing?
AITA for wiping my son's electronics and deleting everything after multiple warnings when he refused to do school?
AITA for telling my boyfriend he has an unhealthy relationship with his parents?
AITA for requesting no Christmas gifts?
AITA for parking in my parking lot?
AITA for wanting to return something I don't like?
AITA for winning an argument on my mom by simply showing proof she was wrong?
AITA for asking my mom to wear more clothes around the house
WIBTA If i tell my brother he can’t bring his girlfriend to my wedding?
AITA for not giving my stepmom $200 for rent even though she planned on kicking me out today
AITA for sleeping over at my cousins place without asking?
AITA for not apologising?
AITA for asking my grandmother to not park the car in the middle of a busy through road as it was getting dark
Aita for not wanting to babysit my nephew.
AITA for going above my co worker and “stealing” her day off?
AITA for telling my dad he has a problem
AITA for not doing free work
AITA for paying my ex brother-in-law’s child support to my sister?
AITA for blocking my dad and his family from coming to my graduation?
AITA for telling my friend's dad to stop butting into my family business?
Aita for yelling at my mom and moving in with my dad?
AITA for scaring the security guard and dropping his coffee
AITA for clogging the toilet of my first date?
WIBTA for telling my mom she is adopted?
AITAH for being mad at my boyfriend? *TW body dysmorphia*
AITA for refusing to participate in my child’s homework?
AITA for getting into verbal argument with rude janitor?
AITA: Wanting to move out from my roommate
AITA? my dad always gets angry at me for nothing
AITA For not being able to forgive my friend after my birthday?
AITA for calling out my friends' privilege and poor financial planning?
AITA for not wanting to buy kids Xmas gifts?
AITA for opening the door to the girls locker room while they were changing?
AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to post about me if i get sick
AITA for telling my cousin he's a loser for being a rеddit mоderator?
AITA For wanting some medical privacy
AITA for wanting to talk to my estranged brother at my sisters wedding?
WIBTA If I pranked my co-worker?
AITA for selling a valuable family antique to pull myself out of poverty
AITA for taking a shit in the girl's bathroom becuase the guy's bathroom was unavailable
AITA for leaving a party because one of the host yelled at me in front of everyone?
AITA for telling my grandma her spaghetti sucks?
AITA for wanting to post a GoFundMe on my Facebook page?
WIBTA if I reported my colleagues for having an affair?
AITA for asking my boyfriend to share his gift (which I got) with me?
AITA for telling my friend fuck off
AITA for confronting my hard of hearing housemates about her repeatedly walking in on me in the shower?
WIBTA if I sent back a Christmas package for the previous owners?
AITA for potentially ruining my mom’s christmas present?
AITA for refusing to decline a work promotion just to appease a co-worker?
AITA for not wanting to do church service?
AITA for telling my parents they have emotionally damaged their children.
WIBTA If I don’t recommend my best friend for a job?
AITA for telling my work "friend" that I want nothing more to do with her after she gossiped about me to our coworkers?
Wibta If I gave my friends cat away
New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum December 2020
AITA for being mad my sister was “testing” my boyfriend?
AITA for telling my brother that his wife is right and I’m embarrassed to be related to him?
AITA for publicly calling my father a coward and embarrassing him for leaving me with my Jehovah's Witness mother while he escaped?
AITA for not changing my cats name for my sisters baby
AITA for being angry at my fiancee's family and telling them to grow up and be better, because they won't support us getting married since her older sister is still single?
AITA for telling a mom she was basically doing her job as a mother wrong?
AITA for talking about my sister(31F) because she said i(18F) was a failure?
AITA for telling my cousin that just because she gave birth doesn’t make her a mother?
AITA for laughing when my friend told me he wanted to name his son Jackson with a G? (Gackson)
AITA for taking my daughters phone and tablet away?
AITA for making my sil "woke" and a "feminist"?
AITA for telling my brother to shut up after he shamed me for getting a surgery done on my jaw?
AITA for returning all the presents I got and buying my own because I’m tired of receiving what I feel are thoughtless gifts from everyone?
AITA for telling a guy behind me in the grocery store line to mind his fucking business?
AITA for telling my mother to limit posting inappropriate stuffs on fb?
AITA for not wanting to emigrate?
AITA for telling my nieces that how they look IS important and something they should care about?
AITA for not wiping my nephews a**
AITA for calling the authorities on my dad after he tried to deny me (a disabled person) stuff because of my line of work?
AITA For being livid after my husband invited his whole family to celebrate christmas at our house?
UPDATE: AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA for changing how I take prenatal vitamins without talking to my husband first?
AITA for always wearing my wedding band?
AITA for ‘not respecting’ my cousins religious views?
AITA For Buying My Ex-Wife's House?
AITA For how I reacted when my husband left me (wheelchair-bond) at the mall?
AITA for telling my mom she's wrong to be offended by someone fact-checking her?
AITA for being annoyed at a child for crying during my wedding
AITA for making kids yell "penis" and "vagina" so it no longer was funny?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I was sick of paying for her to visit her OBGYN when there’s nothing wrong with her?
AITA for not wanting to live with my brother?
AITA for calling my aunt and uncle rude and impolite after I found out they called my father to talk about my face?
AITA for refusing to give my brother money for surgery on his nose so he can breathe out of it again?
AITA for not accepting my dad’s girlfriend’s gift to me?
AITA for calling out my friend on what she meant to be a harmless joke?
AITA for suggesting my wife do her work?
AITA For refusing to participate in Christmas activities with my wife and kids?
AITA Declaration of Trust
AITA for not wanting to name my baby after my dead brother?
AITA for not wanting to plan my sister’s wedding although I’m a full time event planner just because of the money?
AITA for not throwing my SIL a baby shower?
AITA for exposing my ex on social media so people dont think im deluded
[UPDATE] AITA for uninviting my daughter to our Christmas gathering?
AITA for getting mad my brother keeps turning off the WiFi
AITA for not seeing what my ex fiancé found offensive in my mother way of treating her?
AITA for telling my bf i would just wanna be friends if he became a girl?
AITA: For letting my dad kick my husband out of my brother's funeral?
AITA for siding with my in-laws and refusing to go to China after my wife found out that she was adopted from there?
AITA for trying to get my mother in trouble at work?
Update: AITA for not being “sufficiently angry” after a colleague took credit for my work.
AITA for reminding my roommate to pay me back?
AITA for continuing old family Christmas traditions vs new ones?
AITA for wanting to live at my dad’s full time and hurting my mom?
AITA for taking a nap on my only day off?
AITA for insisting on taking away my teenage son’s phone even though he suggested another punishment?
AITA For kicking my sister out of the house after she told me to choose a side between her and my husband?
AITA for demanding my SIL pay me back for a Christmas gift that she destroyed, that was for my kids and shouldnt have been fucking touched?
AITA for accidentally getting my co-manager fired???
AITA for ungrounding my daughter after my wife grounded her?
WIBTA If I stopped buying my husband Christmas presents?
AITA for excluding my brother's stepchildren from a family tradition?
AITA for taking a job at my brother’s company?
AITA for laughing at my emotional mother and hanging up on her?
AITA for cancelling Christmas gifts for my sister's family?
WIBTA if i complained to my boss about my female coworkers not being strong enough for the job?
AITA for not holding a stranger’s baby?
AITA for buying my fiancee an electric guitar?
WIBTA for accepting help from my soon to be ex-in-laws in my divorce and benefiting from their racism?
AITA for being mad at my mum because she didn't buy me a book for school?
AITA for screaming at my gf for wasting food?
AITA for not getting rid of my dog for my brother's pregnant girlfriend?
AITA for calling out my brother for his homophobia,when I know his secret?
AITA for telling my boss's partner I don't want the plug in my office on my desk
AITA for feeding my girlfriend Hooters?
AITA for asking a christian not to pray for me
AITA for skinning a deer at college
AITA for pursuing back child support after telling him I would not?
AITA for siding my daughter over my wife when my wife wanted to punish my daughter?
AITA for not tipping a waitress because she tried to gain sympathy for being a struggling single mother?
AITA for making my son break up with his girlfriend over the age gap?
AITA for telling my sick husband to stay away from me and our kid?
AITA for skinning a deer in my backyard in view of young children?
WIBTA if I suggested selling our investment property and not allowing BIL to move in with his new wife?
AITA for asking my brothers boyfriend to deal with my problems instead of dealing with them myself?
AITA: For dying my hair black without telling my mum?
AITA for not discussing my exact plans with my landlord sooner?
AITA for leaving SO behind while running?
AITA for not wanting to play any more chess? My boyfriend says I’m just too stupid for it.
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for kicking my mom out after ruining our engagement announcement?
AITA For pulling forward in a parking space and not moving
AITA for telling my friend I find it gross that she calls her boyfriend daddy?
AITA for not wanting my husband to support his older siblings financially?
AITA for telling my sister how I truly feel?
AITA for letting my husband (34M) teach my daughter (8F) boxing
AITA For arguing with my husband for his weird nightly prayers¿
AITA for refusing to make my son be friends with his new cousin?
AITA for not getting my daughter a birthday gift since she’s turning 18?
AITA for refusing baby advice from my ex in laws?
AITA for not trusting my husband and checking in with him about money
AITA for being annoyed that my bf wastes food?
AITA for not renting a movie?
AITA For not getting a haircut?
AITA for getting upset at my girlfriend not letting me into their business that was my idea?
AITA for being stubborn and pressuring my mother for a straight answer?
WIBTA if I sold the Christmas gift my mum bought me to buy something else?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
WIBTA by saying that I won't babysit unless my brother helps me?
AITA for saying I feel uncomfortable when my straight girlfriend is naked with her bisexual friends
AITA for banning video games in my house?
AITA for telling my(24F) telling my boyfriend(25M) about my past as a sex worker?
AITA for arguing with my sister about how much I'm going to receive for 9 days of work?
AITA for refusing to let my husband upgrade my phone?
AITA for telling my sister I wasn’t interested in hearing her make something about her?
AITA For Not Begging For An Order?
AITA for refusing to save my money?
AITA for getting upset at gf[26] for adopting a ringworm infested cat?
AITA for using same email PW for 15 years but with wife's name instead of ex's?
AITA for telling my uncle I wanted nothing to do with his multilevel marketing company?
AITA for reporting a co-worker to our manager for taking personal phone calls?
AITA for using appliances in my apartment at 8pm?
AITA for cancelling plans over my husband losing his shit on our kids?
AITA For Not Telling GF About Embarrassing Experience
WIBTA if I stopped giving my cat its medication?
AITA for asking MIL to not call my daughter "ugly baby"?
AITA for blocking my friend after he sent me a dick pic?
AITA for not helping my mom?
AITA for taking away all my son’s electronics?
AITA for refusing to answer the door even though my partner knew someone was coming?
AITA? I asked My SO not to do drugs around me, or talk about it me.
AITA for telling someone he shouldn’t drive another guys car 2000km for him?
AITA for telling my (25F) brother (22M) that he is getting socks for Christmas
AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to live with another girl?
AITA for telling my boyfriend that I don’t want to move out of the area with him if his brother goes with us?
AITA in my relationship
WIBTA if I tell MIL I dont like her presents?
AITA for not bringing my baby to a family wedding?
AITA for drinking my friend's whisky bottle??
AITA Best Friend (20f) throws me under the bus and lets her boyfriend call me a lesbian
WIBTA if I asked my brother and his wife to stop sending Christmas gifts that my children have no interest in?
AITA for putting aside some of the money I earn instead of the family account?
AITA for calling my dad immature and saying he doesn't know what he's talking about after he raged at me over a tech issue
AITA if i revealed the fraud happening at the hotel im leaving?
AITA for yelling at my aunt to shut up at my mom's funeral?
AITA for not wanting to share food if my roommate offers to pay me for it?
AITA for wanting Cyberpunk before Christmas?
WIBTA for keeping our cat?
AITA for refusing to wear my cousin’s memorial shirt?
AITA for trying to help a pregnant woman I thought was in danger?
AITA for buying all of my son's gifts?
AITA for getting myself something after my girlfriend wouldn’t?
AITA for not paying for my BF's mom's room and kicking her out?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
AITA for not apologizing to my stepmom?
Aita for wanting to wrap and put presents under the tree now?
AITA for being upset with my husband over a boat ride?
AITA for being offended by my husband's compliment?
AITA for not getting my husband’s parents Christmas gifts from their wishlist?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for taking money from my parents?
WIBTA for thrifting gifts this year?
AITA for calling my friend the asshole on the post he made about me?
AITA For blowing up on my wife after she promised my stepson a ps5 and asked me to use my daughter's emergency fund?
AITA? Brother wants me to give up my room?
WIBTA For telling my manager and a co-worker that part of the reason I quit is because of the co-worker's laziness and the manager's allowing it?
AITA If I demand my name is put on my car title
AITA if I stop calling stepmother Mum and upsetting her & my Dad?
AITA for telling my mother that she’s being childish and then refusing to listen to her problems?
AITA for expecting my sister to pay for the damage she caused to my vehicle like she agreed to when it happened?
AITA - for telling my friend off because she made up getting bullied for attention?
AITA - for asking someone not to help me?
AITA for not wanting my sister use my laptop?
AITA for not wanting exes GF to look after my child?
AITA for the way I reacted after I found out my mother-in-law was in on my Iraqi husband's plan to use me for a K-1 visa?
AITA for cutting my hair without my mom’s permission?
AITA? Gave away an unwanted dog back to breeder
AITA for calling my dad a narcissist?
AITA for refusing to forgive my grandfather’s damaging actions?
AITA for leaving my sisters home alone
WIBTA If I ask my team members not to send me voice messages through Whatsapp?
AITA for not letting our sister-in-law’s friends stay over Christmas?
AITA for ignoring a coworker online?
AITA for forcing my nephew and niece to get haircuts?
AITA for occasionally including my girlfriends 6 year old daughter in social media pictures thar are promoting my small business?
AITA for not staying with my sister while my parents go on vacation?
AITA for not telling my husband he doesn't get an opinion in my medical decisions?
AITA for telling my neighbor's boyfriend I will call the police if he comes near my apartment again?
AITA for pressuring my boyfriend to videocall?
AITA for calling my friends fascists?
AITA for farting while in a tent with a friend?
AITA for backing out on helping my gram after she backed out on helping me?
WIBTA if I didn't a get a gift for a certain coworker but get everyone else in the building one?
AITA for saying my aunt had nothing to do with my late father?
AITA for wanting to stop exchanging gifts with my best friend because she gives me some truly gross things?
aita for refusing to walk the dog?
AITA? For getting someone kicked off the bus.
AITA for getting my mom Lululemon Leggings for Christmas?
WIBTA if I get between my roommates?
WIBTA if I stole my neighbor's cat?
AITA for calling out this kid in my class for invading other people's privacy in a condescending and insulting way?
AITA for breaking up my daughter's relationship?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
WIBTA if I got motion sensor lights?
WIBTAH for refusing to watch my nephew anymore?
AITA for "gaslighting" my friend?
AITA for not wanting my brother to cut my hair?
AITA for not forgiving my father
AITA for telling my sister she’s a cheap bitch?
AITA for saying that money from my stuff should go to me
AITA for not reacting properly to my boyfriend’s present
AITA for not supporting my unemployed mother?
AITA for getting mad at my boyfriend when he tried to lecture me about school?
AITA for not wanting my son to ruin himself for his wedding?
AITA for moving out?
WIBTA if I got my GF a present she promised to get me?
AITA for saying I don't want my son around my boyfriend's mom because she won't use his real name?
AITA for asking about my mom's swollen arm and learning about her battle with cancer?
AITA for calling my brother out for a remark he denies saying?
AITA for telling a friend that my gf was in the shower?
AITA for telling my mom I wanted a break because of school and work?
AITA for not giving my mother "last month's" rent?
AITA for asking for help and then not being grateful?
AITA for getting upset with young kids at bowling alley?
AITA For refusing to apologize to my brother after he said he was relieved it was my mom who died not his?
AITA For not telling my co workers/bosses about another job I’m trying to get until i get it.
AITA for buying a wheelchair without my parents permission?
AITA for avoiding my dad's questions?
AITA for being upset with my husband for failing to do the one thing I asked him for my birthday?
AITA for pissing off my father because I said that my just repaired Walkman still had problems?
AITA for asking my dad if he'd still be laughing in a nursing home
WIBTA- I need to workout in my apartment, but I disturb my neighbors
Aita for wanting to kick my roommate out?
WIBTA if I stopped making/sharing food with my mom?
AITA For getting upset that my family doesn’t know my or my son’s last name?
WIBTA if i imposed a reverse study curfew on my sister
WIBTA if I (18f) unplug my brother’s (13m) PS4 controller so he can’t play?
AITA For ditching my friend on a nigh out
AITA for insisting my boyfriend pay for an expensive holiday
AITA for "dramatically" running away from an intervention my MIL threw for me?
Aita for cutting complete contact with my dad?
AITA for not caring that my daughter is trans?
AITA for cutting my fingernails during a meeting?
AITA Got mad at mom over possibly sick pet
AITA for calling my friend a leech?
AITA for telling a crazy lady off in a text?
AITA when my sister calls me out for stating something simple in discussion
Aita for not wanting to lose 20 cause my friend got bad pulls?
AITA for wanting to ignore my lonely grandma?
WIBTA if I kept pushing for an apology from my girlfriend?
AITA for telling my dad that he needs to make more money?
AITA for not doing the cooking
AITA for not going out shopping with my wife anymore?
AITA for going to upper management to complain about a co worker?
AITA for not giving up my sales show to a coworker?
AITA for telling my friend she needs professional help?
AITA for wanting to leave a somewhat negative Airbnb review?
AITA for 'triggering' someone?
AITA for not wanting to pay for utilities by myself when I have a roommate??
AITA for not paying my friend back more than he gave me?
AITA for not buying food?
AITA for not wanting to split the cost of my parents' Christmas gifts?
AITA for refusing to celebrate x-mas eve at my ex-inlaws house
AITA for asking my roommate to have the apartment to myself for 2 weeks?
AITA for telling this guy that what we were doing was a waste of time?
AITA for defending my dog from my sister
AITA for sharing a meme to my friends that said the r-word but I didn’t know had the word in it?
WIBTA for locking my door?
AITA for being annoyed at my twin sister teasing me?
AIta for telling my brother he can’t come to my 20th birthday
AITA for making my MiL return the dog she brought for us?
AITA for keeping money that my SIL took from her husband and gave to us for a plane ticket to leave him.
AITA friends wrote a google doc about me behind my back
AITA for yelling at selfish friends.
AITA for taking away my son’s phone for being elitist?
AITA for kicking my grandmother out of my moms house after she tried forcefully convincing my BF to discipline my son?
AITA (actually my son and nephews and nieces) for not inlusding one my brother's stepson in their cousin's dinners?
WIBTA if I sell a gift from my IL?
AITA for not allowing a guy to use my bathroom.
AITA for saying how I'd choose my adoptive family over my biological one any day?
AITA for giving my family the silent treatment over their slut bet?
WIBTA if I only send a small amount of money to my niece for Christmas?
WIBTA if I told my friend that I want to do our secret santa on a different day to my birthday?
AITA For expecting my mother to pay for a painting I did?
WIBTA for crashing at my friend's place and not telling him?
WIBTA if i choose my step dad over my mom?
AITA Dog marriage advice
AITA for not sharing 100k with my brother?
AITA for getting upset with my siblings for not doing a shared present?
AITA for telling my girlfriend not to get plastic surgery?
AITA for not letting my dad moe into my property?
WIBTA if i say i dont want to receive anything from my immediate family for Christmas but am okay with giving them things/having them gift me things so long as its not on the specific day
AITA sister fight, who’s at fault?
AITA for telling my SO to give me a heads up if his mom moves in so that I can move out?
AITA for wanting to have nothing to do with my sibling.
WIBTA if I took away my shirt for PE
AITA for asking my mom how much money she has when we're planning to move?
AITA for not liking my boyfriends brother?
AITA for demanding my mother leave with the wedding dress she bought me without my consent?
AITA because I told my friend that I wanted her opinion alone?
AITA for not helping my parents in their "project"
AITA for laughing at my house mates sex-story?
AITA for taking back my mom's baby shower gift after she complained about me not getting her a birthday present too?
AITA for refusing to help around the house?
AITA For Telling my mom I love my family but hate them too.
AITA for not apologising to my mother because of kitty litter.
AITA for not sharing my food because my stepsister left hers on couch where my dog found and ate it? And for not paying for her food in the first place?
WIBTA if I refuse to talk to my dad until he agrees that my long-distance boyfriend is real?
AITA because I told my BF he can’t ever borrow my car?
AITA for not inviting my boyfriend to a Christmas ice skating event?
AITA for telling my roommate to stop watching tv when I’m in class?
AITA for "making my bf feel gross"
AITA for telling my mother to skip out on my cousin's wedding and refusing to tell my sister to listen to my mother
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for moving housemate's laundry?
AITA? Son (20M) wants to bring his poly partners (25F 26M) and their newborn to Christmas
AITA I sent a dude a pretty mean message after a call
AITA for telling my brother he has poor parenting skills
AITA for telling my step-dad it's unfortunate they're having another kid?
AITA For asking that my SO use headphones whenever they are on social media?
AITA for airing dirty laundry about my sibling?
AITA For saying no to my mom ?
AITA for removing my 13y/o daughter's bedroom door?
AITA for copying my friend’s style and then yelling at her when she called me out for it?
AITA for agreeing to watch my sister’s kids but refusing to abide by her house rules?
AITA for straightening my boyfriends daughters hair?
AITA for teaching my(27M) brother’s(33M) son(8) how to ride a bike?
AITA for moving to a new city even though hubby didn't want to?
AITA for telling my grandson that he needs to stop blaming older people for the reason why he is struggling to find work?
AITA for joking about my friends’ sexuality?
AITA for leaving my roommates and moving in with my boyfriend?
AITA for being irritated with my boyfriend?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for removing my bf from my Spotify Account
AITA because I commented on a friends instagram post as a female?
AITA FOR NOT WANTING TO APOLOGIZE, TALK OR FORGIVE DAD
AITA I refuse to see or help husband’s 102 yr. old grandma because she accuses me of stealing?
AITA for calling out my boyfriend’s family for excusing their younger sister’s disrespect?
AITA- For arguing with my husband after he said I should buy expensive gifts since I'm a doctor?
AITAH for disagreeing w/BF's House Rules?
AITA for not replacing shoes my puppy chewed up?
AITA for not wanting to buy/share a home with my parents
AITA for asking a bisexual (?) friend questions about that?
WIBTA if I reported a psychiatrist for recommendations of a gluten free diet and MLM supplements?
AITA for ruining a gathering by insisting my friend apologise to my girlfriend?
AITA that I dont want my sister to be my maid of honor?
AITA: Friend does some advertising work for me that doesn't bring business and says I shouldn't pay him for the work. So i don't.
AITA for not calling the soon to be dad bf of a befriended couple out for being an asshole
AITA for fencing off our driveway?
UPDATE AITA for selling my daughter's iPad?
WIBTA If I told my mom that I don't do drugs like she did?
AITA For wanting to donate to a struggling family for Christmas, instead of 100% to a shelter?
AITA For Moving Out Because of My Flatmate's Controlling Language
AITA for pushing and forcing my sister to work?
AITA for not publicly supporting my friend?
AITA for calling him a dick head
AITA for posting passive-aggressive memes directed at my sister?
AITA for not wanting to help my friend with a school assignment?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
AITA For wanting to leave while my roommates friend is homeless?
AITA for not liking the new puppy?
AITA for not answering the phone for one of my friends consistently because I know the phone call is going to be 40+ minutes?
AITA for wanting my ex to be nicer to me?
AITA for not wanting to go to the pharmacy for my boyfriend?
AITA for copying my roommate?
AITA for getting mad at my bf after he hit my car with his water bottle?
AITA for expecting my husband to throw a proper anniversary celebration when he is working?
AITA for telling my friends brother that my friend goes to counselling?
AITA for getting my brother a good Christmas present but not my stepsiblings?
AITA for wanting to ream my SIL a new one for Not including my wife and kids?
AITA for being more upset over leaving my cat home then happy about giving birth (not purposely)
AITA for not wanting to help my mother raisie my niece?
WIBTA for asking my brother/family to help pay our heating bill for the month they’re visiting?
AITA for leaving for college and not calling my dad and changing Netflix profiles around?
AITA for not wanting my mother in law to move on with us?
AITA for not talking my mom out of having my dad pay child support
AITA for Wanting to have feelings in my family. After being told that adopted kids are broken
AITA for refusing to drive the vehicle my husband traded my car in for after he claimed he thought I was pregnant?
AITA for telling my parents about my sister's lie?
WIBTA for sending my step-niece/nephew's mom cookies for Christmas?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for opening my boyfriend’s Christmas present for me?
AITA for wanting to workout?
AITA for not letting my sister in law stay with us again?
AITA for not wanting to give my deceased grandfather’s cameras to my cousin
AITA for not giving a high school ex closure?
AITA for refusing to go to Christmas dinner with my ex and her new fiancée?
AITA for refusing to get my nephew a birthday present?
AITA for telling an "outsider" about something and setting off a chain of reaction which is still ongoing
AITA for not wanting to pay an exact replacement for something I broke again?
AITA for not wanting to help MIL?
AITA for asking my brother not to be so “fucking sarcastic”?
AITA for feeling offended my childhood friend asked for €3?
AITA for mumbling under my breath in a different language when I was pissed off at sisters boyfriend?
AITA for not changing my room?
AITA for ruining someone’s hopes of dating their crush
AITA for not willing to reconnect with a friend who treated me like crap before?
AITA for not helping my sister paint our room
AITA for being upset at my dad?
AITA for flipping my parents off and calling them homophobic?
AITA for cutting off my cousin?
AITA for applying to my boyfriend’s job among other things?
AITA for telling a colleague to ease up on baby talk?
WIBTA If i told my roommate they eat too much?
AITA for hating my ex-mentor and avoiding him, even though he tries to say something?
AITA for not wanting my mom as a clean lady
WIBTA if I asked my parents to return the entertainment stand they got me and get me a dresser?
AITA for wanting some privacy and locking the door while I’m in the bathroom?
AITA for rescinding a tip?
AITA for ruining my friend's prank?
AITA because i won’t allow my (24m) parents to see my sister (17f)
AITA for telling my friends they can't come over to my house?
AITA for blocking my best friends girlfriend?
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
Aita for how I handled a holiday argument
AITA for being mad at my brother and arguing with him because he is a bad roommate?
Aita or is my roommate wrong
AITA (M19) for considering not getting my (F22) partner a gift this Christmas
AITA for not telling my friends everything before I cut them off?
AITA for asking for a product I purchased?
AITA For Not Giving My Partner More Money
AITA : asking to be payed for my time?
AITA because I said no to uncle moving in?.
AITAH for expecting IL to get foster daughter a Christmas gift
WIBTA if I fake being interested in becoming a doctor until I move out?
AITA for not buyring a pet where my sister "said to"?
AITA for giving my nephews Christmas themed cookies?
AITA for asking my daughter’s mom to stop inviting random men over when she has our daughter
AITA For not letting my sister's kids read my comic books?
AITA for hiking off the trail
AITA for blowing my neighbors leaves back into their yard?
AITA for shaving a girls hair without her mums consent?
AITA 8yo boy walked in on me in the shower
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA for not wanting to decorate for Christmas with my family?
AITA for telling my daughter that the reason bagels fell out of the freezer is because we bought too much stuff for her?
AITA for wanting to crate train a puppy?
AITA for threatening a restraining order against my daughter’s mother?
AITA for being fed up with my parents?
AITA for Talking about my Relationship at Work?
AITA For Tipping Less Than My Husband Thought I Should?
AITA for getting sleeveless dresses banned at work?
AITA for writing a report breaking down a "joke" about global warming
Aita for choosing my personal space over a friend's emergency?
AITA for asking my roommates boyfriend to help out with utilities?
WIBTA if I gave my birthday presents back as Christmas presents?
AITA For telling my friend that he’s an asshole when he was pointing out a bad habit of mine rudely?
WIBTA if I didn't buy my friends kids Christmas gifts?
AITA for having sex at 9:30pm in my own apartment and telling my neighbor to get over the heavy breathing she heard through the wall?
AITA for making my brother feel unwelcome in my house.
AITA For not showing up to my mothers surgery after I found out she used me?
AITA: Not giving a courtesy text?
WIBTA for getting my neighbor evicted?
AITA for not minding my own business at work?
AITA? Are Dishes a Bridge Too Far?
AITA for not feeling bad that my cat scratched my brat cousin?
AITA for calling out my mom on her racism
AITA for telling my friend not to 'brag' even though she seemed genuinely frustrated?
AITA for firing my son from family work?
Wibta for telling my mom we'd have to agree to disagreet?
AITA for telling a co-worker they may need to delete a photo
AITAH for calling my cousin ugly because she called me ugly first
AITA for being upset that my fiancée didn’t defend me against his brother?
AITA for asking my grandmother to keep my door shut?
AITA for refusing to share my food with other people?
AITA Coworker isn’t talking to me because I communicated with our boss
AITA for describing my pregnant wife
AITA for telling my daughter she can't come over for the holidays if she brings her partners?
AITA for not helping my befriendee?
AITA for getting mad because my mom left my 6yo with someone that I didn't know for a short period of time?
Aita for ignoring and not forgiving my mom's fiance?
AITA - I threw away my girlfriends pork pies
AITA for telling my mom that when I am 18 that might be the last time she ever sees me?
AITA for referring to my fiancee's brother by "Johnny Appleseed"?
AITA for not letting my autistic sister come over my boyfriend's house, or hang out with us?
WIBTA if I stopped talking to my toxic close 'friend'??
AITA for no longer wanting to help with my parents with Tech Support
AITA for refusing to pay for a dog to go to the vet that isn’t mine?
AITA for not wanting to tell my sister Im pregnant.
AITA for being mad at my mom for cutting up my notebook?
WIBTA if I ignore my neighbour’s noise complaints?
AITA for NOT making my brother and sister-in-law pay for something that my nephew damaged?
AITA for sending a text at 1am?
AITA for saying my dads legal status makes him work unfavorable jobs.
AITA for telling my children's grandmother that if she doesnt stop phishing for info from my kids about our home life than she will be banned from seeing them?
AITA for not helping my sister with her project
AITA For “Breaking A Promise” With My Dad?
AITA for having wedding be three weeks before fiance's cousin's wedding?
AITA Not igniting conversation between old friend at gym?
WIBTA if I confronted my roommate on her faking tourette's/ticks?
AITA for asking my dad to take in my mentally unstable sister so that I don’t have to live with her?
AITA - property damage from tree
AITA for telling my friend to “go to hell”
AITA for being upset with my fiancé because she is abandoning me for Christmas?
AITA For saying My Partner's Dad got An STI from Having Sex?
WIBTA - if I didn’t buy siblings kids birthday presents?
AITA for making a "friend" failing one of his classes?
AITA for asking my BF to put headphones?
AITA for wanting to use my hairdryer in my room
AITA for telling someone to get off my porch after they accused me of being a thief?
AITA for not wanting to put out my Christmas decorations?
AITA for being mad at my mum?
AITA for wanting to get rid of cats, that i originally said we couldn't get in the first place?
WIBTA if I asked my deceased fathers fiance if I could ask her a couple questions?
AITA for requesting an end to my sisters BS and my dads favoritism?
AITA for forcing my daughter to spend time with me?
AITA for telling my bfs mom to stop telling how my relationship with my dad should be?
AITA for giving my non-drinking friend a drink?
AITA for being mad at my step dad after refusing to take in my cat?
AITA for stealing one of my moms mousse cakes?
AITA for telling her that she had been betrayed?
AITA for getting upset at a friend?
WIBTA If I give my friend a nudge to finish editing her photos of me?
WIBTA if I didn't retake the SAT?
AITA For Telling BiL It Was DH Who Told Me To Message Him?
WIBTA For not getting my family any gifts for Christmas?
AITA For not letting my dad drive my brand new car around the corner to the store?
AITA for considering speaking against my roommate to management
AITA For throwing away a part of the coffee machine that only my wife ever uses?
AITA for telling my sister she couldn’t stay at my house because I don’t want to deal with backlash from my parents?
AITA for implying my gay friend is into bestiality?
AITA for not wanting to go to church with my family?
AITA for siding with my daughter who wanted to watch Beverly Hills Chihuahua over my wife?
AITA for not forcing my kid to visit her dad?
AITA for not liking the Christmas Present my mom got me?
AITA for medically tattooing my child under the recommendation of a doctor.
AITA for switching the toaster setting
AITA for not wanting to return neighbors dog when he tries to follow us home?
AITA for not wanting to take my partners last name?
AITA for saying that a communal phone should be mine?
AITA for wanting to shave my head? (Update)
AITA For Handing My Friend Into the Police
WIBTA if I told my friend I’m gay
AITA for reading my sibling's posts and getting mad about his lies?
AITA for having a physical preference for people of color when I'm white?
AITA for trying to stay friends with people who have had a falling out with each other?
AITA for deliberately parking in my neighbour and making her late for work?
AITA for "undermining" my wife's parenting?
AITA for wanting to end my visit to my parent's house early bc of mental health?
Aita for not wanting to keep in touch with my mother anymore?
AITA for posting rants about my mother on my close friends IG story?
AITA for refusing to make the first move?
AITA if I stop my fiancé from partying due to his gambling relapse?
AITA for being mad when I asked my friend not to ask my other friend out, and he did?
AITA for hiring a different photographer for my wedding?
AITA for calling my sister out for being a side chick?
AITA for doing food prep in the morning
AITA: For asking my ex-wife for more of a notice than last minute?
AITA for warning a group about a possible scam?
AITA for being upset at my Mom outing me?
AITA for sucking at CS:GO?
AITA for refusing to not buy sweets to keep in the house, despite my husband being diabetic?
AITA for deleting logs that prove I don’t owe my mom $200?
AITA for telling my best friend I don't like her husband and I don't care if he likes me?
AITA for insisting people take precautions when visiting a cancer patient?
WIBTA if I held onto the money my brother left out and made him think he lost it?
AITA for refusing to be a godparent to someone's kid?
AITAH for not taking my moms dog in AGAIN?
AITA for not Paying my fathers wife for dying my hair?
AITA for going to Disney without my boyfriend?
AITA for waking up my boyfriend for a donut?
AITA for telling my friend to stop using her autistic brother to get attention?
AITA for not inviting my friend to my housewarming party?
AITA for asking my little brother to knock on our bedroom door before coming in
AITA for telling my grown daughter "I don't care" when she said she doesn't want to speak to me?
AITA for not answering my friend while i was asleep
AITA for Not Wanting My Sister to Hug Me?
AITA for being upset at my subleaser for trashing plants?
AITA For not wanting to go to my cousins house
AITA for Leaving my (21f) brothers with my mom
AITA for not wanting to hang out with my cousin?
WIBTA if I asked my dad to change the way he eats?
AITA For snitching on
AITA for getting mad over a joke about how straight guys always like lesbians?
WIBTA if I posted by art on social media
AITA for refusing to justify my Christmas presents?
WIBTA if I start spamming the comments of an Insta page that owes me money?
AITA for not coming to Christmas?
AITA for changing into a provocative outfit to purposefully offend my grandfather?
AITA for banning my boyfriend from using my car?
AITA for letting my little dog snuggle in my bed?
AITA for keeping to myself
AITA for not attending church with my mother because I’m tired?
AITA for having different beliefs from my in-laws?
WIBTA For removing the bathroom trash from a shared bathroom?
WIBTA if I speak up to a colleague who always refers to me as assistant instead of my name?
AITA for not having a wedding even though my mom wants to pay for it?
AITA for refusing to write my niece’s personal statement for her university application?
AITA for being slightly annoyed at my mum for constantly leaving in the middle of me explaining my side of an argument (which she asks to hear)
AITA for calling my step-dad a dumbass?
AITA for asking them to wait to announce their pregnancy by a day?
AITA for not playing an online game with friends seriously?
AITA for yelling at some obnoxious motorcyclists?
WIBTA if I send an unframed piece of artwork?
WIBTA If I called my mom out on her christmas present to my nephew?
WIBTA for threatening to tell someone's parents about there secret relationship after they threatened me socially?
AITA for being resistant to my husband buying another expensive car?
AITA Gift wrapping expectations
AITA for taking down a "meme" that was potentially offensive?
WIBTA for not being a neighbor?
WIBTA Foster Child Adoption
AITA For Stealing the Spotlight?
AITA for Giving my Parents the Silence Treatment for cutting down all the trees in our yard?
AITA - custody arrangement over the holidays
AITA for not being more mindful?
AITA for asking coworker to fuck off because she said that I was embarrassed about periods?
AITA for telling my wife she should learn Spanish if she feels so left out from conversations with our son?
AITA for taking and moving across the country with my ex-room-mates couch after he explicitly told me he did not want it and asked if he could leave it at my house? Because now his DAD wants it back and claims that I should have asked HIM who I barely knew.
AITA for saying to my mom that my autistic brother is treated better than me?
AITA for being mad at my dad who won't delete a pic of me?
AITA for leaving the group and using the project we worked on together?
AITA for being annoyed at coworkers for eating chocolates I bought to share with the team (including them)?
AITA for complaining about my in laws?
AITA for being mad at my bf for not doing the dishes while he was being sick?
AITA for assuming my husband didn't want to go Christmas tree shopping?
AITA for writing that I've been stood up?
AITA for refusing to video chat with my husbands family in India?
AITA For Saying, or Not Saying, the Right Thing?
AITA- Flipped out on my grandmother for being overbearing and getting too involved?
AITA For making my coworker work over the weekend?
AITA for changing a friends home
AITA for “being rude” to someone in grocery store
AITA for wanting to only give 1/4 of contributions to a wheelchair for a girl?
WIBTA if I asked my uncle to remove his balcony that is hovering over our land?
AITA for not cleaning up after my partners employee?
AITA for not letting my MIL move in with us?
AITA for posting "my mom it prettier than yours" on an instagram story
AITA for wanting my fiancee’s Autistic brother to pay his part of the living expenses?
AITA for cussing in front if my cousin and refusing to apologize
AITA for wanting some personalm
AITA for “not telling” my family I‘m sleeping at my friends house
AITA for trolling customers who keep asking me where I’m “really” from?
WIBTA if I paid off part of my sister’s student loans for Christmas
AITA for taking my stuff back when my roommates clearly need it
WIBTA if I started having cars towed off?
AITA? Pulling up the past to prove a point
AITA for trying to relieve my anxiety in order to help my sick brother?
AITA For Telling My Ex That It’s His Responsibility To Keep Contact With Our Daughter?
AITA for snapping at my MIL for constantly comparing by husband and his half brother?
WIBTA if I told my friends he cant date this person?
AITA for humiliating my fiancee's friend after she was a horrible guest? Poop involved.
AITA for adding a password to my PC
AITA for laughing at my niece’s name and encouraging my wife to call her a nickname?
AITA for yelling at my brother for sexist and racist remarks?
AITA for wearing my dad’s clothes?
WIBTA for not going to Christmas if my brother's girlfriend is there?
AITA for wanting to work even though I get paid less than what daycare and house care would cost?
AITA for wanting to see my best friend on her death bed?
AITA for telling my friend to block my sister on social media?
AITA for getting angry at my parents having sex
AITA for telling my friend he isn't getting a Christmas gift because he owes me too much money?
AITA for telling my sister she snores?
AITA for getting mad that my family used one of my possessions without my permission?
AITA for keeping my daughter away?
AITA for not helping an old man who had fallen and couldn’t get up
AITA for belittling my home county on a call to old school friends
AITA for returning my currency?
AITA for refusing to eat the food cooked for me?
Wibta if I didn’t apologize to my niece after she tried to take my money?
AITA for refusing to sell my blizzard account for 5$ when I spent 30$ for it
AITA for not asking my sister for help?
AITA for telling my brother to grow up and get over himself?
AITA for continuing to sit on my porch and drink beer like usual even though my neighbor is having a women’s only yoga classes in our shared backyard now?
AITA for not correcting my friend on the pronunciation of my name?
AITA for deciding my sister did not want a Christmas present?
AITA for not buying my son a car even though I've spent thousands on my daughter?
AITA for being blunt with my co-worker as to why I purposely avoid her?
WIBTA if I shave my head again?
AITA for "bossing around" my husband?
AITA for putting MSG in my wife’s food when she claims to be allergic to it?
AITA for not welling to talk to my roommate about cleaning his dishes.
AITA for not singing?
WIBTA if I tell my girlfriend that I didn’t have a good time at her house?
AITA for not wanting to cooking for husband?
AITA for calling my mom a manipulative bitch?
AITA for lashing out at my friend for always asking me why I'm single?
AITA for refusing to apologise for my stuff being given away
AITA for being friendly with my friend's mother?
WIBTA if I told my roommates that I don't want to split our prize money equally?
AITA (25F) for not wanting to write my boyfriends (25M) code for him?
AITA for getting mad at my friends for not caring about my DnD campaign
AITA for not giving my ps3 to my cousin due to inactivity?
AITA for telling my mom that just because she was raised one way doesn’t mean she has to treat her kids that way?
AITA for telling my mum I hate her in an argument?
AITAH, For accepting and eating the unwanted Oatmeal raisin cookies a guy’s girlfriend made for him?
AITA for not letting my roommate’s pets in my room?
AITA for commenting on my friends insta
AITA if I won't let my mother see her granddaughter?
AITA for getting angry that my partner let his dad use my cooking spoon to get his shoes on.
AITA for talking back to my brother?
AITA for not letting my sister use me (F30) as an example as a healthy fat person for her overweight child (F14)?
AITA for getting a surgery to remove a 'family trait'?
AITA for changing my colleague’s hours?
WIBTA if I forbid ex husband from visiting my parents
AITA for not apologizing to my uncle when his feelings got hurt after he read my private messages?
AITA for getting upset my SIL took the name we had picked out?
AITA for passing on my ex's phone number to a collections agency so they'll stop calling me looking for him all the time?
AITA for moving out of a shared flat with friends, without discussing the problems that made me move out first.
AITA because i said i minded if my dad invited his new “girlfriend” down the area of the house that i live?
AITA for being irked my bf would rather pull out more loans then settle for a job that isn’t perfect?
AITA for telling my husbands grandmother she needs to move out because of how she treats my children
AITA for making my BIL aware of a mistake he made?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for giving back my dead friends army possessions to his family not his ex girlfriend?
AITA for not wanting to re-gift an old present for Xmas?
AITA for telling my mom that I’m not supposed to giver her money because 1.) she’s able, 2.) she’s more able than I am financially, 3.) I am not working to provide for them
AITA for not getting enough steps on my girlfriend's fitbit?
WIBTA if I wear pink to a wedding?
AITA for flipping out on my daughters teacher after she made the comment "Well, life isnt fair" in response to my daughter saying she was overwhelmed?
New Resources for Anyone Looking to Help Those in an Unhealthy or Abusive Relationships
Monthly Open Forum December 2020
AITA for being mad my sister was “testing” my boyfriend?
AITA for telling my brother that his wife is right and I’m embarrassed to be related to him?
AITA for publicly calling my father a coward and embarrassing him for leaving me with my Jehovah's Witness mother while he escaped?
AITA for not changing my cats name for my sisters baby
AITA for being angry at my fiancee's family and telling them to grow up and be better, because they won't support us getting married since her older sister is still single?
AITA for telling a mom she was basically doing her job as a mother wrong?
AITA for talking about my sister(31F) because she said i(18F) was a failure?
AITA for telling a guy behind me in the grocery store line to mind his fucking business?
AITA for taking my daughters phone and tablet away?
AITA for telling my nieces that how they look IS important and something they should care about?
AITA for laughing when my friend told me he wanted to name his son Jackson with a G? (Gackson)
AITA for making my sil "woke" and a "feminist"?
AITA for telling my mother to limit posting inappropriate stuffs on fb?
AITA for not wanting to emigrate?
AITA for telling my brother to shut up after he shamed me for getting a surgery done on my jaw?
AITA for returning all the presents I got and buying my own because I’m tired of receiving what I feel are thoughtless gifts from everyone?
AITA For being livid after my husband invited his whole family to celebrate christmas at our house?
AITA for not wiping my nephews a**
AITA for calling the authorities on my dad after he tried to deny me (a disabled person) stuff because of my line of work?
AITA For Buying My Ex-Wife's House?
AITA for changing how I take prenatal vitamins without talking to my husband first?
AITA for always wearing my wedding band?
UPDATE: AITA for telling my boyfriend he’s a bad person?
AITA for making kids yell "penis" and "vagina" so it no longer was funny?
AITA for ‘not respecting’ my cousins religious views?
AITA for telling my girlfriend I was sick of paying for her to visit her OBGYN when there’s nothing wrong with her?
AITA for telling my mom she's wrong to be offended by someone fact-checking her?
AITA For how I reacted when my husband left me (wheelchair-bond) at the mall?
AITA for being annoyed at a child for crying during my wedding
AITA for not wanting to live with my brother?
AITA for not accepting my dad’s girlfriend’s gift to me?
AITA for calling my aunt and uncle rude and impolite after I found out they called my father to talk about my face?
AITA for refusing to give my brother money for surgery on his nose so he can breathe out of it again?
AITA for calling out my friend on what she meant to be a harmless joke?
AITA for suggesting my wife do her work?
AITA Declaration of Trust
AITA For refusing to participate in Christmas activities with my wife and kids?
AITA for not wanting to name my baby after my dead brother?
AITA for not wanting to plan my sister’s wedding although I’m a full time event planner just because of the money?
AITA for not seeing what my ex fiancé found offensive in my mother way of treating her?
AITA for telling my bf i would just wanna be friends if he became a girl?
AITA for getting mad my brother keeps turning off the WiFi
AITA for not throwing my SIL a baby shower?
AITA for not getting rid of my dog for my brother's pregnant girlfriend?
AITA for exposing my ex on social media so people dont think im deluded
AITA for insisting on taking away my teenage son’s phone even though he suggested another punishment?
[UPDATE] AITA for uninviting my daughter to our Christmas gathering?
AITA for trying to get my mother in trouble at work?
AITA for cancelling Christmas gifts for my sister's family?
AITA: For letting my dad kick my husband out of my brother's funeral?
AITA for reminding my roommate to pay me back?
AITA for continuing old family Christmas traditions vs new ones?
AITA for siding with my in-laws and refusing to go to China after my wife found out that she was adopted from there?
Update: AITA for not being “sufficiently angry” after a colleague took credit for my work.
AITA for taking a nap on my only day off?
AITA for wanting to live at my dad’s full time and hurting my mom?
AITA For kicking my sister out of the house after she told me to choose a side between her and my husband?
AITA for excluding my brother's stepchildren from a family tradition?
AITA for demanding my SIL pay me back for a Christmas gift that she destroyed, that was for my kids and shouldnt have been fucking touched?
AITA for accidentally getting my co-manager fired???
AITA for ungrounding my daughter after my wife grounded her?
WIBTA If I stopped buying my husband Christmas presents?
AITA for laughing at my emotional mother and hanging up on her?
AITA for taking a job at my brother’s company?
WIBTA if i complained to my boss about my female coworkers not being strong enough for the job?
AITA for calling out my brother for his homophobia,when I know his secret?
AITA for not holding a stranger’s baby?
AITA for screaming at my gf for wasting food?
AITA for buying my fiancee an electric guitar?
AITA for being mad at my mum because she didn't buy me a book for school?
WIBTA for accepting help from my soon to be ex-in-laws in my divorce and benefiting from their racism?
AITA for making my son break up with his girlfriend over the age gap?
AITA for letting my husband (34M) teach my daughter (8F) boxing
AITA for skinning a deer at college
AITA for not getting my daughter a birthday gift since she’s turning 18?
AITA for asking a christian not to pray for me
AITA for telling my boss's partner I don't want the plug in my office on my desk
AITA for skinning a deer in my backyard in view of young children?
AITA for feeding my girlfriend Hooters?
AITA for pursuing back child support after telling him I would not?
AITA for telling my sick husband to stay away from me and our kid?
AITA for siding my daughter over my wife when my wife wanted to punish my daughter?
AITA for not tipping a waitress because she tried to gain sympathy for being a struggling single mother?
AITA for not discussing my exact plans with my landlord sooner?
AITA for asking my brothers boyfriend to deal with my problems instead of dealing with them myself?
AITA For pulling forward in a parking space and not moving
AITA for leaving SO behind while running?
WIBTA if I suggested selling our investment property and not allowing BIL to move in with his new wife?
AITA: For dying my hair black without telling my mum?
AITA for telling my sister how I truly feel?
WIBTA if I sold the Christmas gift my mum bought me to buy something else?
AITA for not wanting my husband to support his older siblings financially?
AITA for telling my sister I wasn’t interested in hearing her make something about her?
AITA for not wanting to play any more chess? My boyfriend says I’m just too stupid for it.
WIBTA If I told hubs what our son said about him?
AITA for kicking my mom out after ruining our engagement announcement?
AITA for telling my friend I find it gross that she calls her boyfriend daddy?
AITA for not renting a movie?
AITA For arguing with my husband for his weird nightly prayers¿
WIBTA by saying that I won't babysit unless my brother helps me?
AITA for refusing to make my son be friends with his new cousin?
AITA for being annoyed that my bf wastes food?
AITA for refusing baby advice from my ex in laws?
AITA for not trusting my husband and checking in with him about money
AITA For not getting a haircut?
AITA for getting upset at my girlfriend not letting me into their business that was my idea?
AITA for being stubborn and pressuring my mother for a straight answer?
AITA for telling my(24F) telling my boyfriend(25M) about my past as a sex worker?
AITA for arguing with my sister about how much I'm going to receive for 9 days of work?
Aita for not telling my sister that the child she thinks is her nephew isn’t my child.
AITA for banning video games in my house?
AITA for getting upset at gf[26] for adopting a ringworm infested cat?
WIBTA if I stopped giving my cat its medication?
AITA For Not Begging For An Order?
AITA for refusing to let my husband upgrade my phone?
AITA for refusing to save my money?
AITA for saying I feel uncomfortable when my straight girlfriend is naked with her bisexual friends
AITA For Not Telling GF About Embarrassing Experience
AITA for telling my uncle I wanted nothing to do with his multilevel marketing company?
AITA for using same email PW for 15 years but with wife's name instead of ex's?
AITA for reporting a co-worker to our manager for taking personal phone calls?
AITA for asking MIL to not call my daughter "ugly baby"?
AITA for using appliances in my apartment at 8pm?
AITA for cancelling plans over my husband losing his shit on our kids?
AITA in my relationship
AITA for telling my boyfriend that I don’t want to move out of the area with him if his brother goes with us?
AITA for blocking my friend after he sent me a dick pic?
AITA for not helping my mom?
AITA for taking away all my son’s electronics?
AITA for refusing to answer the door even though my partner knew someone was coming?
AITA for telling my (25F) brother (22M) that he is getting socks for Christmas
AITA if I stop calling stepmother Mum and upsetting her & my Dad?
WIBTAH for refusing to watch my nephew anymore?
AITA for not wanting to share food if my roommate offers to pay me for it?
AITA for wanting Cyberpunk before Christmas?
AITA? I asked My SO not to do drugs around me, or talk about it me.
AITA for telling someone he shouldn’t drive another guys car 2000km for him?
AITA if i revealed the fraud happening at the hotel im leaving?
AITA for the way I reacted after I found out my mother-in-law was in on my Iraqi husband's plan to use me for a K-1 visa?
AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to live with another girl?
WIBTA if I tell MIL I dont like her presents?
AITA for leaving my sisters home alone
AITA for not bringing my baby to a family wedding?
AITA for drinking my friend's whisky bottle??
AITA Best Friend (20f) throws me under the bus and lets her boyfriend call me a lesbian
AITA for not apologizing to my stepmom?
WIBTA if I asked my brother and his wife to stop sending Christmas gifts that my children have no interest in?
AITA for putting aside some of the money I earn instead of the family account?
AITA for ignoring my brother's girlfriend?
AITA for calling my dad immature and saying he doesn't know what he's talking about after he raged at me over a tech issue
AITA If I demand my name is put on my car title
Aita for wanting to wrap and put presents under the tree now?
AITA for yelling at my aunt to shut up at my mom's funeral?
AITA for not forgiving my father
AITA for buying all of my son's gifts?
WIBTA for keeping our cat?
AITA for refusing to wear my cousin’s memorial shirt?
AITA - for telling my friend off because she made up getting bullied for attention?
AITA for getting myself something after my girlfriend wouldn’t?
AITA for not paying for my BF's mom's room and kicking her out?
AITA for throwing away my daughter’s homework and tests?
WIBTA for thrifting gifts this year?
AITA for not wanting my sister use my laptop?
AITA for being upset with my husband over a boat ride?
AITA for being offended by my husband's compliment?
AITA for not getting my husband’s parents Christmas gifts from their wishlist?
WIBTA If I ask my team members not to send me voice messages through Whatsapp?
AITA for being angry at my friends for protecting someone who hurt me?
AITA for wanting to move out?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for ignoring a coworker online?
AITA for being tired of asked for rides?
AITA For moving out?
AITA for taking money from my parents?
AITA for calling my friend the asshole on the post he made about me?
Aita for not wanting to lose 20 cause my friend got bad pulls?
AITA For blowing up on my wife after she promised my stepson a ps5 and asked me to use my daughter's emergency fund?
AITA for occasionally including my girlfriends 6 year old daughter in social media pictures thar are promoting my small business?
AITA? Brother wants me to give up my room?
WIBTA For telling my manager and a co-worker that part of the reason I quit is because of the co-worker's laziness and the manager's allowing it?
AITA for telling my mother that she’s being childish and then refusing to listen to her problems?
AITA for expecting my sister to pay for the damage she caused to my vehicle like she agreed to when it happened?
AITA - for asking someone not to help me?
AITA for trying to help a pregnant woman I thought was in danger?
AITA for forcing my nephew and niece to get haircuts?
AITA for not wanting exes GF to look after my child?
AITA for calling out this kid in my class for invading other people's privacy in a condescending and insulting way?
AITA for cutting my hair without my mom’s permission?
AITA? Gave away an unwanted dog back to breeder
AITA for calling my dad a narcissist?
AITA for refusing to forgive my grandfather’s damaging actions?
AITA for not letting our sister-in-law’s friends stay over Christmas?
AITA for not staying with my sister while my parents go on vacation?
AITA for not telling my husband he doesn't get an opinion in my medical decisions?
AITA for telling my neighbor's boyfriend I will call the police if he comes near my apartment again?
AITA for pressuring my boyfriend to videocall?
AITA for calling my friends fascists?
AITA for farting while in a tent with a friend?
AITA for backing out on helping my gram after she backed out on helping me?
WIBTA if I didn't a get a gift for a certain coworker but get everyone else in the building one?
AITA for wanting to stop exchanging gifts with my best friend because she gives me some truly gross things?
AITA for saying my aunt had nothing to do with my late father?
aita for refusing to walk the dog?
AITA? For getting someone kicked off the bus.
AITA for telling my mother she can’t have my money?
AITA for getting my mom Lululemon Leggings for Christmas?
AITA for cutting out my mentally ill mother out of my life?
WIBTA if I get between my roommates?
WIBTA for yelling at the hotel management
WIBTA if I stole my neighbor's cat?
AITA for not bothering to wish my niece a happy birthday?
AITA for asking my mother if she needs help tidying up?
AITA or being a quote on quote "Snitch"
AITA for breaking up my daughter's relationship?
AITA for not stopping riding my motorcycle while pregnant?
AITA for not going out shopping with my wife anymore?
WIBTA if I got motion sensor lights?
AITA for "gaslighting" my friend?
AITA for not wanting my brother to cut my hair?
AITA for saying that money from my stuff should go to me
AITA for telling my sister she’s a cheap bitch?
AITA for not reacting properly to my boyfriend’s present
AITA for asking for help and then not being grateful?
AITA for not supporting my unemployed mother?
AITA for getting mad at my boyfriend when he tried to lecture me about school?
AITA for telling my mom I wanted a break because of school and work?
AITA for not wanting my son to ruin himself for his wedding?
AITA for moving out?
WIBTA if I got my GF a present she promised to get me?
AITA for saying I don't want my son around my boyfriend's mom because she won't use his real name?
AITA for asking about my mom's swollen arm and learning about her battle with cancer?
AITA for calling my brother out for a remark he denies saying?
AITA for telling a friend that my gf was in the shower?
AITA Got mad at mom over possibly sick pet
AITA for not giving my mother "last month's" rent?
AITA for getting upset with young kids at bowling alley?
AITA for insisting my boyfriend pay for an expensive holiday
AITA For refusing to apologize to my brother after he said he was relieved it was my mom who died not his?
AITA For not telling my co workers/bosses about another job I’m trying to get until i get it.
AITA for buying a wheelchair without my parents permission?
AITA for avoiding my dad's questions?
AITA for being upset with my husband for failing to do the one thing I asked him for my birthday?
AITA for pissing off my father because I said that my just repaired Walkman still had problems?
AITA for asking my dad if he'd still be laughing in a nursing home
WIBTA- I need to workout in my apartment, but I disturb my neighbors
AITA For getting upset that my family doesn’t know my or my son’s last name?
Aita for wanting to kick my roommate out?
WIBTA if I stopped making/sharing food with my mom?
WIBTA if i imposed a reverse study curfew on my sister
WIBTA if I (18f) unplug my brother’s (13m) PS4 controller so he can’t play?
AITA For ditching my friend on a nigh out
AITA for "dramatically" running away from an intervention my MIL threw for me?
Aita for cutting complete contact with my dad?
AITA for not caring that my daughter is trans?
AITA for telling a crazy lady off in a text?
AITA for being pissed at my mom's friend?
AITA for not wanting to buy my mother in law a gift? (complicated background)
AITA for getting angry with my spouses careless behavior?
AITA for calling my friend a leech?
AITA for fighting with my parents?
AITA For making a creeper blow up my friends house
WIBTA if I paid the lower of two advertised prices?
AITA for wanting to ignore my lonely grandma?
WIBTA if I kept pushing for an apology from my girlfriend?
AITA for not doing the cooking
AITA for going to upper management to complain about a co worker?
AITA for not giving up my sales show to a coworker?
AITA for telling my friend she needs professional help?
WIBTA for locking my door?
AITA for wanting to leave a somewhat negative Airbnb review?
AITA for not wanting to pay for utilities by myself when I have a roommate??
AITA for not buying food?
AITA for not wanting to split the cost of my parents' Christmas gifts?
AITA for refusing to celebrate x-mas eve at my ex-inlaws house
AITA for asking my roommate to have the apartment to myself for 2 weeks?
AITA for telling this guy that what we were doing was a waste of time?
AITA for defending my dog from my sister
AITA for being annoyed at my twin sister teasing me?
AITA for making my MiL return the dog she brought for us?
AIta for telling my brother he can’t come to my 20th birthday
AITA for keeping money that my SIL took from her husband and gave to us for a plane ticket to leave him.
AITA for cutting my fingernails during a meeting?
AITA friends wrote a google doc about me behind my back
AITA for taking away my son’s phone for being elitist?
AITA for yelling at selfish friends.
AITA for kicking my grandmother out of my moms house after she tried forcefully convincing my BF to discipline my son?
AITA (actually my son and nephews and nieces) for not inlusding one my brother's stepson in their cousin's dinners?
WIBTA if I sell a gift from my IL?
WIBTA for crashing at my friend's place and not telling him?
AITA for not allowing a guy to use my bathroom.
AITA for saying how I'd choose my adoptive family over my biological one any day?
AITA for giving my family the silent treatment over their slut bet?
WIBTA if I only send a small amount of money to my niece for Christmas?
WIBTA if I told my friend that I want to do our secret santa on a different day to my birthday?
AITA For expecting my mother to pay for a painting I did?
WIBTA if i choose my step dad over my mom?
AITA Dog marriage advice
AITA for not sharing 100k with my brother?
AITA for getting upset with my siblings for not doing a shared present?
AITA for telling my girlfriend not to get plastic surgery?
AITA for not letting my dad moe into my property?
WIBTA if i say i dont want to receive anything from my immediate family for Christmas but am okay with giving them things/having them gift me things so long as its not on the specific day
AITA sister fight, who’s at fault?
AITA for telling my SO to give me a heads up if his mom moves in so that I can move out?
AITA for wanting to have nothing to do with my sibling.
WIBTA if I took away my shirt for PE
AITA for asking my mom how much money she has when we're planning to move?
AITA for not liking my boyfriends brother?
AITA for demanding my mother leave with the wedding dress she bought me without my consent?
AITA because I told my friend that I wanted her opinion alone?
AITA for not helping my parents in their "project"
AITA for laughing at my house mates sex-story?
AITA for taking back my mom's baby shower gift after she complained about me not getting her a birthday present too?
AITA for refusing to help around the house?
AITA For Telling my mom I love my family but hate them too.
AITA for not apologising to my mother because of kitty litter.
AITA for not sharing my food because my stepsister left hers on couch where my dog found and ate it? And for not paying for her food in the first place?
WIBTA if I refuse to talk to my dad until he agrees that my long-distance boyfriend is real?
AITA because I told my BF he can’t ever borrow my car?
AITA for not inviting my boyfriend to a Christmas ice skating event?
AITA for telling my roommate to stop watching tv when I’m in class?
AITA for "making my bf feel gross"
AITA for telling my mother to skip out on my cousin's wedding and refusing to tell my sister to listen to my mother
AITA For not approving of my sister's incesty relationship and asking my mom not to let him stay over?
AITA for moving housemate's laundry?
AITA? Son (20M) wants to bring his poly partners (25F 26M) and their newborn to Christmas
AITA I sent a dude a pretty mean message after a call
AITA for telling my brother he has poor parenting skills
AITA for telling my step-dad it's unfortunate they're having another kid?
AITA For asking that my SO use headphones whenever they are on social media?
AITA for airing dirty laundry about my sibling?
AITA for 'triggering' someone?
AITA for not paying my friend back more than he gave me?
AITA For saying no to my mom ?
AITA for removing my 13y/o daughter's bedroom door?
AITA for copying my friend’s style and then yelling at her when she called me out for it?
AITA for agreeing to watch my sister’s kids but refusing to abide by her house rules?
AITA for straightening my boyfriends daughters hair?
AITA for teaching my(27M) brother’s(33M) son(8) how to ride a bike?
AITA for moving to a new city even though hubby didn't want to?
AITA for telling my grandson that he needs to stop blaming older people for the reason why he is struggling to find work?
AITA for joking about my friends’ sexuality?
AITA for sharing a meme to my friends that said the r-word but I didn’t know had the word in it?
AITA for leaving my roommates and moving in with my boyfriend?
AITA I refuse to see or help husband’s 102 yr. old grandma because she accuses me of stealing?
AITA for being irritated with my boyfriend?
AITA for requiring smokers to put on a clean shirt before holding my baby?
AITA for removing my bf from my Spotify Account
AITA for asking a bisexual (?) friend questions about that?
AITA because I commented on a friends instagram post as a female?
AITA FOR NOT WANTING TO APOLOGIZE, TALK OR FORGIVE DAD
AITA for calling out my boyfriend’s family for excusing their younger sister’s disrespect?
AITA- For arguing with my husband after he said I should buy expensive gifts since I'm a doctor?
AITAH for disagreeing w/BF's House Rules?
AITA for not replacing shoes my puppy chewed up?
AITA for not wanting to buy/share a home with my parents
WIBTA if I reported a psychiatrist for recommendations of a gluten free diet and MLM supplements?
AITA for ruining a gathering by insisting my friend apologise to my girlfriend?
AITA that I dont want my sister to be my maid of honor?
AITA for blocking my best friends girlfriend?
AITA: Friend does some advertising work for me that doesn't bring business and says I shouldn't pay him for the work. So i don't.
AITA for not calling the soon to be dad bf of a befriended couple out for being an asshole
AITA for fencing off our driveway?
AITA for not answering the phone for one of my friends consistently because I know the phone call is going to be 40+ minutes?
WIBTA If I told my mom that I don't do drugs like she did?
AITA For wanting to donate to a struggling family for Christmas, instead of 100% to a shelter?
AITA For Moving Out Because of My Flatmate's Controlling Language
AITA for pushing and forcing my sister to work?
AITA for not publicly supporting my friend?
UPDATE AITA for selling my daughter's iPad?
AITA for calling him a dick head
AITA for posting passive-aggressive memes directed at my sister?
AITA for not wanting to help my friend with a school assignment?
AITA for “constantly fact checking” my [24M] girlfriend [22F]
AITA For wanting to leave while my roommates friend is homeless?
AITA for not liking the new puppy?
AITA for wanting my ex to be nicer to me?
AITA for not wanting to go to the pharmacy for my boyfriend?
AITA for copying my roommate?
AITA for getting mad at my bf after he hit my car with his water bottle?
AITA for expecting my husband to throw a proper anniversary celebration when he is working?
AITA for telling my friends brother that my friend goes to counselling?
AITA for getting my brother a good Christmas present but not my stepsiblings?
AITA for wanting to ream my SIL a new one for Not including my wife and kids?
AITA for being more upset over leaving my cat home then happy about giving birth (not purposely)
AITA for not wanting to help my mother raisie my niece?
WIBTA for asking my brother/family to help pay our heating bill for the month they’re visiting?
AITA for leaving for college and not calling my dad and changing Netflix profiles around?
AITA for not wanting my mother in law to move on with us?
AITA for telling my parents about my sister's lie?
AITA for not talking my mom out of having my dad pay child support
AITA for Wanting to have feelings in my family. After being told that adopted kids are broken
AITA for refusing to drive the vehicle my husband traded my car in for after he claimed he thought I was pregnant?
WIBTA for sending my step-niece/nephew's mom cookies for Christmas?
AITA for getting upset at my mom for opening my boyfriend’s Christmas present for me?
AITA for wanting to workout?
AITA for not letting my sister in law stay with us again?
AITA for not wanting to give my deceased grandfather’s cameras to my cousin
AITA for not giving a high school ex closure?
AITA for refusing to go to Christmas dinner with my ex and her new fiancée?
AITA for refusing to get my nephew a birthday present?
AITA for telling an "outsider" about something and setting off a chain of reaction which is still ongoing
AITA for not wanting to pay an exact replacement for something I broke again?
AITA for not wanting to help MIL?
AITA for asking my brother not to be so “fucking sarcastic”?
AITA for feeling offended my childhood friend asked for €3?
AITA for mumbling under my breath in a different language when I was pissed off at sisters boyfriend?
AITA for not changing my room?
AITA for ruining someone’s hopes of dating their crush
AITA for not willing to reconnect with a friend who treated me like crap before?
AITA for not helping my sister paint our room
AITA for being upset at my dad?
AITA for flipping my parents off and calling them homophobic?
AITA for cutting off my cousin?
AITA for applying to my boyfriend’s job among other things?
AITA for telling a colleague to ease up on baby talk?
WIBTA If i told my roommate they eat too much?
AITA for hating my ex-mentor and avoiding him, even though he tries to say something?
AITA for not wanting my mom as a clean lady
WIBTA if I asked my parents to return the entertainment stand they got me and get me a dresser?
AITA for wanting some privacy and locking the door while I’m in the bathroom?
AITA for rescinding a tip?
AITA for ruining my friend's prank?
AITA because i won’t allow my (24m) parents to see my sister (17f)
AITA for telling my friends they can't come over to my house?
AITA for saying I will not buy my gf a natural diamond engagement ring?
Aita for how I handled a holiday argument
AITA for being mad at my brother and arguing with him because he is a bad roommate?
Aita or is my roommate wrong
AITA (M19) for considering not getting my (F22) partner a gift this Christmas
AITA for not telling my friends everything before I cut them off?
AITA for asking for a product I purchased?
AITA For Not Giving My Partner More Money
AITA : asking to be payed for my time?
AITA because I said no to uncle moving in?.
AITAH for expecting IL to get foster daughter a Christmas gift
WIBTA if I fake being interested in becoming a doctor until I move out?
AITA for not buyring a pet where my sister "said to"?
AITA for giving my nephews Christmas themed cookies?
AITA for asking my daughter’s mom to stop inviting random men over when she has our daughter
AITA For not letting my sister's kids read my comic books?
AITA for hiking off the trail
AITA for blowing my neighbors leaves back into their yard?
AITA for shaving a girls hair without her mums consent?
AITA 8yo boy walked in on me in the shower
AITA for not firing an employee for posting sexist content on his social media?
AITA for not wanting to decorate for Christmas with my family?
AITA for telling my daughter that the reason bagels fell out of the freezer is because we bought too much stuff for her?
AITA for wanting to crate train a puppy?
AITA for threatening a restraining order against my daughter’s mother?
AITA for being fed up with my parents?
AITA for Talking about my Relationship at Work?
AITA For Tipping Less Than My Husband Thought I Should?
AITA for getting sleeveless dresses banned at work?
AITA for writing a report breaking down a "joke" about global warming
Aita for choosing my personal space over a friend's emergency?
AITA for asking my roommates boyfriend to help out with utilities?
WIBTA if I gave my birthday presents back as Christmas presents?
AITA For telling my friend that he’s an asshole when he was pointing out a bad habit of mine rudely?
WIBTA if I didn't buy my friends kids Christmas gifts?
AITA for having sex at 9:30pm in my own apartment and telling my neighbor to get over the heavy breathing she heard through the wall?
AITA for making my brother feel unwelcome in my house.
AITA For not showing up to my mothers surgery after I found out she used me?
AITA: Not giving a courtesy text?
WIBTA for getting my neighbor evicted?
AITA for not minding my own business at work?
AITA? Are Dishes a Bridge Too Far?
AITA for not feeling bad that my cat scratched my brat cousin?
AITA for calling out my mom on her racism
AITA for telling my friend not to 'brag' even though she seemed genuinely frustrated?
AITA for firing my son from family work?
Wibta for telling my mom we'd have to agree to disagreet?
AITA for telling a co-worker they may need to delete a photo
AITAH for calling my cousin ugly because she called me ugly first
AITA for being upset that my fiancée didn’t defend me against his brother?
AITA for asking my grandmother to keep my door shut?
AITA for refusing to share my food with other people?
AITA Coworker isn’t talking to me because I communicated with our boss
AITA for describing my pregnant wife
AITA for telling my daughter she can't come over for the holidays if she brings her partners?
AITA for not helping my befriendee?
AITA for getting mad because my mom left my 6yo with someone that I didn't know for a short period of time?
Aita for ignoring and not forgiving my mom's fiance?
AITA - I threw away my girlfriends pork pies
AITA for telling my mom that when I am 18 that might be the last time she ever sees me?
AITA for referring to my fiancee's brother by "Johnny Appleseed"?
AITA for not letting my autistic sister come over my boyfriend's house, or hang out with us?
WIBTA if I stopped talking to my toxic close 'friend'??
AITA for no longer wanting to help with my parents with Tech Support
AITA for refusing to pay for a dog to go to the vet that isn’t mine?
AITA for not wanting to tell my sister Im pregnant.
AITA for being mad at my mom for cutting up my notebook?
WIBTA if I ignore my neighbour’s noise complaints?
AITA for NOT making my brother and sister-in-law pay for something that my nephew damaged?
AITA for sending a text at 1am?
AITA for saying my dads legal status makes him work unfavorable jobs.
AITA for telling my children's grandmother that if she doesnt stop phishing for info from my kids about our home life than she will be banned from seeing them?
AITA for not helping my sister with her project
AITA For “Breaking A Promise” With My Dad?
AITA for having wedding be three weeks before fiance's cousin's wedding?
AITA Not igniting conversation between old friend at gym?
WIBTA if I confronted my roommate on her faking tourette's/ticks?
AITA for asking my dad to take in my mentally unstable sister so that I don’t have to live with her?
AITA for wanting to get rid of cats, that i originally said we couldn't get in the first place?
AITA - property damage from tree
AITA for making a "friend" failing one of his classes?
AITA for telling my friend to “go to hell”
AITA for being upset with my fiancé because she is abandoning me for Christmas?
AITA For saying My Partner's Dad got An STI from Having Sex?
WIBTA - if I didn’t buy siblings kids birthday presents?
AITA for asking my BF to put headphones?
AITA for wanting to use my hairdryer in my room
AITA for telling someone to get off my porch after they accused me of being a thief?
AITA for not wanting to put out my Christmas decorations?
AITA for being mad at my mum?
WIBTA if I asked my deceased fathers fiance if I could ask her a couple questions?
AITA for requesting an end to my sisters BS and my dads favoritism?
AITA for forcing my daughter to spend time with me?
AITA for telling my bfs mom to stop telling how my relationship with my dad should be?
AITA for giving my non-drinking friend a drink?
AITA for being mad at my step dad after refusing to take in my cat?
AITA for stealing one of my moms mousse cakes?
AITA for telling her that she had been betrayed?
AITA for getting upset at a friend?
WIBTA If I give my friend a nudge to finish editing her photos of me?
WIBTA if I didn't retake the SAT?
AITA For Telling BiL It Was DH Who Told Me To Message Him?
WIBTA For not getting my family any gifts for Christmas?
AITA For not letting my dad drive my brand new car around the corner to the store?
AITA for considering speaking against my roommate to management
AITA For throwing away a part of the coffee machine that only my wife ever uses?
AITA for telling my sister she couldn’t stay at my house because I don’t want to deal with backlash from my parents?
AITA for implying my gay friend is into bestiality?
AITA for not wanting to go to church with my family?
AITA for siding with my daughter who wanted to watch Beverly Hills Chihuahua over my wife?
AITA for not forcing my kid to visit her dad?
AITA for not liking the Christmas Present my mom got me?
AITA for medically tattooing my child under the recommendation of a doctor.
AITA for switching the toaster setting
AITA for not wanting to return neighbors dog when he tries to follow us home?
AITA for not wanting to take my partners last name?
AITA for saying that a communal phone should be mine?
AITA for wanting to shave my head? (Update)
AITA For Handing My Friend Into the Police
WIBTA if I told my friend I’m gay
AITA for reading my sibling's posts and getting mad about his lies?
AITA for having a physical preference for people of color when I'm white?
AITA for trying to stay friends with people who have had a falling out with each other?
AITA for deliberately parking in my neighbour and making her late for work?
AITA for "undermining" my wife's parenting?
AITA for wanting to end my visit to my parent's house early bc of mental health?
Aita for not wanting to keep in touch with my mother anymore?
AITA for posting rants about my mother on my close friends IG story?
AITA for refusing to make the first move?
AITA if I stop my fiancé from partying due to his gambling relapse?
AITA for being mad when I asked my friend not to ask my other friend out, and he did?
AITA for hiring a different photographer for my wedding?
AITA for calling my sister out for being a side chick?
AITA for doing food prep in the morning
AITA: For asking my ex-wife for more of a notice than last minute?
AITA for warning a group about a possible scam?
AITA for being upset at my Mom outing me?
AITA for sucking at CS:GO?
AITA for refusing to not buy sweets to keep in the house, despite my husband being diabetic?
AITA for telling my best friend I don't like her husband and I don't care if he likes me?
AITA for deleting logs that prove I don’t owe my mom $200?
AITA for insisting people take precautions when visiting a cancer patient?
WIBTA if I held onto the money my brother left out and made him think he lost it?
AITA for refusing to be a godparent to someone's kid?
AITAH for not taking my moms dog in AGAIN?
WIBTA for threatening to tell someone's parents about there secret relationship after they threatened me socially?
AITA for not Paying my fathers wife for dying my hair?
AITA for waking up my boyfriend for a donut?
AITA for telling my friend to stop using her autistic brother to get attention?
AITA for not inviting my friend to my housewarming party?
AITA for asking my little brother to knock on our bedroom door before coming in
AITA for telling my grown daughter "I don't care" when she said she doesn't want to speak to me?
AITA for not answering my friend while i was asleep
AITA for Not Wanting My Sister to Hug Me?
AITA for being upset at my subleaser for trashing plants?
AITA For not wanting to go to my cousins house
AITA for Leaving my (21f) brothers with my mom
AITA for not wanting to hang out with my cousin?
AITA For snitching on
AITA for getting mad over a joke about how straight guys always like lesbians?
WIBTA if I posted by art on social media
AITA for refusing to justify my Christmas presents?
WIBTA if I start spamming the comments of an Insta page that owes me money?
AITA for not coming to Christmas?
AITA for changing into a provocative outfit to purposefully offend my grandfather?
AITA for banning my boyfriend from using my car?
AITA for letting my little dog snuggle in my bed?
AITA for keeping to myself
AITA for not attending church with my mother because I’m tired?
AITA for having different beliefs from my in-laws?
WIBTA For removing the bathroom trash from a shared bathroom?
AITA for not having a wedding even though my mom wants to pay for it?
AITA for refusing to write my niece’s personal statement for her university application?
AITA for being slightly annoyed at my mum for constantly leaving in the middle of me explaining my side of an argument (which she asks to hear)
AITA for calling my step-dad a dumbass?
AITA for asking them to wait to announce their pregnancy by a day?
AITA for not playing an online game with friends seriously?
AITA for yelling at some obnoxious motorcyclists?
WIBTA if I send an unframed piece of artwork?
WIBTA If I called my mom out on her christmas present to my nephew?
AITA for being resistant to my husband buying another expensive car?
AITA Gift wrapping expectations
AITA for going to Disney without my boyfriend?
AITA for taking down a "meme" that was potentially offensive?
WIBTA for not being a neighbor?
WIBTA Foster Child Adoption
AITA For Stealing the Spotlight?
AITA for Giving my Parents the Silence Treatment for cutting down all the trees in our yard?
AITA - custody arrangement over the holidays
AITA for not being more mindful?
AITA for asking coworker to fuck off because she said that I was embarrassed about periods?
AITA for telling my wife she should learn Spanish if she feels so left out from conversations with our son?
AITA for taking and moving across the country with my ex-room-mates couch after he explicitly told me he did not want it and asked if he could leave it at my house? Because now his DAD wants it back and claims that I should have asked HIM who I barely knew.
AITA for saying to my mom that my autistic brother is treated better than me?
AITA for being mad at my dad who won't delete a pic of me?
AITA for leaving the group and using the project we worked on together?
AITA for being annoyed at coworkers for eating chocolates I bought to share with the team (including them)?
AITA for complaining about my in laws?
AITA for being mad at my bf for not doing the dishes while he was being sick?
AITA for assuming my husband didn't want to go Christmas tree shopping?
AITA for writing that I've been stood up?
AITA for refusing to video chat with my husbands family in India?
AITA For Saying, or Not Saying, the Right Thing?
AITA- Flipped out on my grandmother for being overbearing and getting too involved?